foodval.com - stop by if you're interested in the nutritional composition of food --- Porn now is a lot more mainstream. - Fuck, yeah. - Yes, yes, yes! It's allowed me to live a really great life. - Bam! - We're performers. Just like The Rock and Vin Diesel are action performers. She was beautiful, her scenes were hot, and she was a party girl. The stigma against porn is kind of what drew me to porn. The time in which you might be stigmatized- - by casting someone from the adult film industry I think is just gone. Now you have to bring so much more to be so much less of a name. He was the perfect porn-star. There was just something very innocent- - about us getting naked and having sex on camera. That's why I attribute my longevity to just a lot of classical movies- - from the golden era, and also a lot of mainstream. We realize people have no idea that these are real- - flesh and blood people that're working. It's porn. You're in it. That's it. Adult film stars are just that, Stars. Most people can name one porn-star, - and everybody's seen 'em in action at least once, - and more than that if they're being honest. That makes adult film stars celebrities. Take it from me. I'm Mr. Skin and I filled my own internet empire- - by sharing naked celebrities with the world at large. And tonight we're gonna meet some of the greatest adult film stars of all time. Now, what makes them the greatest? Is it their looks, their sexual prowess, their longevity in the industry, - their ability to cross over to the mainstream? Or is it a combination of all of these things? Well, everyone on this list checks many of those boxes- - as we salute the most famous, most fascinating... ...and all around hottest adult film stars in history. Let's kick it off with some of the most popular porn-stars of all time. When fans name their favorite adult performers... ...these names come right off the tips of everyone's tongues. It's a hall of fame hotter than anything in plain old Hollywood. Fuck me. Yeah. Yeah. Tori was a very strong performer that really kind of blew up very quickly- - and became one of those girls who that year, those two years won everything. I know that Tori has won the Back to Back Female Performer of the Year awards. She's kinky and gorgeous. You can't get any better than that. One of the best natural bodies in the business. Um, and when she's on sexually, wow. Growing up and being really boyish, - I never really imagined that I would be a model at all. Any type of model, let alone this type. This industry really gave me a chance to be my deviant self. Curb your tongue, funny man. She was very good, uh, in front of the camera. Like she has that kind of mainstream believability. Yeah, yeah. Oh. When I appeared on "Ray Donovan," - um, when I came to set, and everybody was very welcoming- - and very warm and curious about the industry. Ooh. Ricky? Camera down. - Hey! - Ugh! I really feel like women's sexuality has been lost in the dark ages, - and I feel like it's really starting to evolve. I want to leave behind that empowering feeling for women. I want women to know that it's okay to be sexual. I want women to know that you can be classy- - and graceful and elegant and smart and sophisticated, and a freak. Like you don't have to leave that off the list- - in order to be the other things. If you have all those things and you're a freak, you are unstoppable. I think Christy is a superstar. I don't think there's any question. I think Christy's a big star for a lot of reasons. - First of all... - She had massive tits. And that always helps. And they were natural. Natural massive tits. And that helps ever more. How I became a star in this business- - is beyond me, but when I look back, - you had to like me 'cause there were only four of us to choose from. I was like, - the big titted girl next door. She was genuinely a very stunning, beautiful woman, - so I don't think it was solely just 'cause there was only a few of them. You know, that first time was with Ron Jeremy, I mean, and it was so porno-y. She knew how to talk dirty during sex. She just sort of knew what was on your mind. - Do you wanna fuck me? - Oh, yeah. Do you wanna stick your cock in my pussy? She was a good comedienne. She doesn't take herself too seriously. You get your makeup done, - you suck a dick, you'd have a catered lunch. So if it was my choice, she probably would've been my number one pick back in the day. She had it all. I'm Christy Canyon. Back in, back in the day, goddammit, that meant something. It was like the perfect storm. She could act, she wanted to do it, - her scenes were good, she had giant boobs. I just always like morphed into something else in this business. I mean, from making films to dancing to writing my book to radio for ten years, - I just showed up, did my job, had great sex and got my $200- - and felt like I owned the world. I started doing adult films in 1999. You know, in the beginning, she kind of looked like- - a Vietnamese war vet without makeup. You put makeup on her and she had a soft body- - and all natural and gorgeous boobs. Because for so long we really only exploited the sexuality- - of people that had fake boobs and blonde hair. I feel like Tera Patrick was like just a magnificent supermodel. She came off very confident, - and like her body and her gorgeousness matched it. You know, we never really stayed in the adult bubble when we were marketing her. We thought we can get her out there to everybody. This girl is somebody that everybody will love, and everybody did. She was on the cover of "FHM" and the cover of "Maxim"- - and all the men's magazines. When I started independently, I did a lot of gonzo movies, - and I remember fans always saying, - oh my gosh, why are you doing Gonzo movies? You should be doing these like big features. And I was like, are you kidding me? I just wanna go and have sex. It really was about the sex. I think I was one of her first Girl/Girl scenes, - so I was just more nervous on the fact of, you know, - she's Tera Patrick, and she's so much taller than me, too. Like my face was at her vagina. What I liked about working with Vivid was it was the first time where I actually- - completely got creative control over everything I wanted to do in a movie. She's bright and she's articulate, and she's very creative. Ooh, yeah, right. Uh, yeah, you're on my clit. But I've been asked, would you ever come back to porn? What if someone just dropped a million dollars right there- - and said, you and Rocco can have sex in Egypt on the pyramids. I still wouldn't do it. There was only so far I could go, - and I feel like ten years is a good amount of time- - and a long time to be in the porn business. Seka is amazing. She's my all time favorite actress of that era. She's very glamorous. She was strictly business. All business. Very smart girl. She kind of reminded me like of a trashy version of Marilyn Monroe. Would you like to suck on my tits, huh, right there? Ooh. What made me different than anybody else at the time? For one thing, I was the first platinum blonde. I mean, there were other blondes, but not screaming blonde hair. She was working at a porn store, - and she was watching the porn and thought to herself, - I could do way better than this. They have really dirty feet, and they've got pimples on their butts. I said, this is really nasty. I went and made my first adult movie, - and I don't think there was even sound at the time. It was in color, though. I mean, I'm old, but I'm not that old, so it was in color. And having owned adult bookstores, - I knew the stars in the business when I went on set, - and I just felt like a big piece of meat on a hook. "Prisoner of Paradise" was kind of fun. I played a German Nazi bitch with a really bad German accent. But I thought, no, she's a southern girl. How's she gonna do a Nazi? But she did. Don't you cum in me, you American swine. Don't cum in me, you American swine. ♪ Oh, seka ♪ ♪ Tried on some sexy clothes ♪ The film itself, "Inside Seka," was an incredibly popular film- - simply because it was one of the films that had been made- - sort of when that porno chic period was ending. And the reason why they were so important is because they were star-centric. Seka has sex with about 20 different guys. She also was given $10,000 as her pay. Around 1982, I decided to stop performing. AIDS was starting to become a real big issue for me. I'd worked for "Club" magazine after that for about ten years- - and I traveled around the world stripping, - and I had a great time and made a butt-load of money. I always thought she looked like Raquel Welch when she was younger. So she was beautiful, her scenes were hot, and she was a party girl. That's a really good combination, for a superstar. She wasn't about making movies. She was about fucking. She would show up and just want to have sex, and do her best at that. We can lay music over this, right? - Yeah. - Great. You don't mind just fucking me. Action. The pickin's weren't like it is today. It's not like now where the beautiful hot chicks are a dime a dozen. So I was fresh meat. I was excited about my work. January of '89 I had my first contract with Vivid- - on the back of a cocktail napkin at the Tropicana. It was that simple. Tori Welles was one of the first home video stars of her era. She was then contracted with Vivid, - who loaned her out to Andrew Blake to make "Night Trips." The idea of "Night Trips" basically came from my art direction- - and fashion design background. And, uh, I just wanted to make the most beautiful movies that I could- - with the most beautiful talent that was available at the time. He really made her the star like putting her in almost every single scene. It was one of a kind, and it was the most beautiful porn every made at that time. She was like pure sex and a mile wide. It was very trans-formative during that period, and she was at the right time, - the right place, with the right people. The success of "Night Trips" it just happened before my eyes, - probably because of the beauty, and sexual prowess of Tori Welles. I made a name accidentally, but because of the drug addiction- - and because of the felonies, and because of things like that, - you're not always able to move on, - you know, so you come back to the adult tit, so to speak. I mean, I had gone from being Tori Welles to like being a P.A. It's like talk about humiliating. So, you know, some of it was good, and some of it was bad, you know. Some of it was stupid. You know, you don't get into this business if, - you know, you're completely got your shit together. You just don't, and I don't care what anybody says. Uh, I actually started working at Hooters when I was 17 years old. You were supposed to be 18, but I kind of was naturally big. Somebody was trying to scout me. They were like, why haven't you done "Playboy"? And I was like, I'd rather do porn. And I flew out to L.A. Literally it was on a Friday, - and by the time I came home Sunday, I had a signed contract with Digital Playground. She was almost a star from the moment we signed her. So it wasn't so much a matter of making Jesse Jane a star. It was just a matter of showing the world. And at the time, Seymore Butts had his show, "Family Business," - so he followed me around like a little puppy dog. I have finally tracked you down. Do you know how many times I have seen you? Every time you catch my eye, and I wanna zoom up over to you, - but you disappear as quick as you appear. And now that I just saw you, I just feel like, I just felt like I just had to like get you- - while I knew you were cornered. Are you planning on... Honey, I need you to do an interview. Come do an interview. And then from then, they were like, yep, she's made for porn. She's definitely, you know what? We made a right decision. It's mine to ride when I'm fucking you. Oh, yes. I want the whole package. I want it all. I wanna be the next star. Like the team that I had behind me, - like the marketing and everything was genius. Marketing her was simple. I mean, one image would elicit so many responses- - from the media, and then once people met her in person, - you know, she never disappointed. I saw her do a Girl/Girl in the "Pirates" movie that was really intense. It was basically like sex fighting, and I've never seen anything like that. - Fuck, yeah? - I Wanna kiss you. - Yeah? - Slap me harder. Yeah? Yeah? I think that's sort of the quintessential barbie almost. Barbie's been everything. She's been an astronaut. She's been, she's been everything in between. So, yeah, there you go, The Ultimate Porn Barbie. It's all I wanted. Like I wanted to be known as the sex symbol you'll always remember. That when I get out of the business, you'll still know the name Jesse Jane. The average lifespan of an adult female performer's career- - is less than two years, but this next group of stars- - have careers that span from 20 to over 30 years. Now, why have these knockouts lasted in an industry- - that always looks for the next big thing? Because these are the golden goddesses- - whose beauty, passion, and raw sexuality- - transcends all elements, including time. One of the reasons for my longevity is I just would not leave- - when they all wanted me to after five years. Once I hit 30, they sort of, I mean, - I got the AVN Lifetime Achievement Award in 1989. It's like you trying to tell me something? When you watch her fuck on film, it is genuine. She also just has that something, that star quality. Nina Hartley really resonates with so many people- - that have become her ardent fans over the years- - because she's so accessible, and she's so honest, and she's so fearless. I've been able to maintain a 30-year-plus career because I basically love the work. But the first time I saw sex onscreen- - my inner cookie monster just said: "Me want do that." Like she had a, uh, kind of a cameo in "Boogie Nights"- - that like she really showed what she's made of- - when she does a little bit more mainstream stuff. She played William Macy's wife. She was kind of a sexual free spirit in the movie. She cuckolded him many, many times. What the fuck are you doing? What the fuck does it look like I'm doing? Can you close the door? That's my wife, you asshole. For a sex worker, when they try to go out- - and give sex education, to be taken seriously, - I think no one is taken more seriously than Nina. There's her vagina, her urethra, and her clit. So how can I be a feminist and be a sex worker? The bottom line is my body, my rules. And the message on that was whatever you wanna do is okay. That women should not be judged- - for being in this business and being on set- - and having sex with a different person every day. The energy coming at me, the laws coming at me from both the religious right- - and the so-called feminist left are exactly the same. They're prohibitionary. Um, one doesn't want me to have an abortion, and one does not want me to sell- - the services of my vulva for money. I'm a Trojan horse for queer culture. I'm a bisexual, I am kinky and all these things, - but I dress up normal, I look very straight, - and my most fun times are when I get my face- - between the legs of a gay-for-pay girl- - and get a real response out of her. It's like, yes, I am that good. Her being with wicked for so long- - was a lot of the reason for the longevity in her career, and her evolution. I think she's hotter now than she was 15 years ago. But then when you go beyond her physical aspects, - she's a good voice and an advocate for our industry. Because Jessica has been in, so many blockbuster adult movies, - she's one of the few modern adult stars recognizable to the average consumer. Oh, fuck. I was a stripper. I had the luck to run into Blondage, which was Janine and Julia Ann. And I saw them onstage and something clicked. Yeah. A few people from wicked called me, and then I agreed to sign with them. And I also came to realize that the more I personally have to do with the movie, - the happier I am with the outcome. So she won Best Actress, and won this great Hardcore Scene Award. And I think that defines Jessica along the way as well. Even at adult star signings, women are getting in line and telling her- - their sex concerns and issues and problems. And then they started asking me for sex advice, so I saw this opening- - for a different kind of sex-ed, or a different kind of instructional. Jessica drake is unique. For one thing, DVD sales are dying, and her movies still sell great. She's a spokesperson for Wicked, - she's a spokesperson for the entire adult industry. She's a successful sex educator, - has had a ton of mainstream appearances, - and, oh, by the way, still has time, for all her philanthropy. So she's truly unique amongst today's stars. Working with her, the scenes were over way too quickly, - and then, of course, I'm masturbating in my car- - thinking about her driving home. But, PFST, sex with Kylie? Perfect. She's just such a strong, powerful, um, artistic, - and visionary woman in my mind. You know, if she wanted to come back and do films now, - which I would absolutely be there if she would, - she could and she would kill it- - just as if it was 10 or 15 or even 20 years ago. So I suppose you could say I started kind of in this business, - but not in this business when I worked in a video store in San Diego, - and I was in charge of ordering adult movies. And they said, okay, this is randy west you're gonna be working with him, I'm like, - yeah, okay, I know who you are. And I was extremely nervous. I never thought in a million years that I would win best new starlet. I was thrilled that I was nominated. Kylie Ireland. And I have to thank all the people that have believed in me. It was '95 maybe that I signed a contract with Sin City. We started shooting movies, - and we were supposed to do like basically I think it was a movie a month. And suddenly none of us shot anything. I decided I was gonna go to small claims court. I didn't realize at this point that that's where "Judge Judy" picked up their cases. You are about to enter the courtroom of judge Judith Sheindlin. Kylie Ireland is an adult movie star. She's suing this producer for breach of contract. - She's not some airhead. - Thank you. And I'm awarding $5,000 to the plaintiff. Remember, there was no internet at the time. Adult stars didn't end up on reality shows. That catapulted her to another level. She was already popular, but now she's, - mainstream people are going, well, who's this women on "judge Judy"? She's incredible behind the camera. That's when I started doing production design. I just always wanted to say, I won art direction, - and that didn't happen until we did "Star Wars XXX." I find your lack of faith disturbing. My life is so weird. Sometimes I just sit here and I go, my life is so strange. How bizarre is my life that this is what I'm doing right now? Up till now, we've met some the greatest female stars- - of all time. But you may be asking yourself, where are the men? Okay, let's bring on the biggest studs, - in every sense, in the history of the adult business. We start with john C. Holmes, - whose claim to fame rested between his legs. - Are you really twin brothers? - No, not really. Same father, different mothers. Oh, what a mess. Will someone come here and change the sheet here? Oh, this is disgusting. Oh, that's the same hand, isn't it? - Yeah. - Oh, god. John Holmes definitely impacted pop culture. And especially in the '70s, he was it. He was like a sight to see. 14 inches. And they all wanted to see it. That's what John was. He was a freak. I was sitting there editing, and my partner comes out and he says, Bob, - you gotta come in and see this guy's dick. Wow! I said, man, that's the last thing I wanna do is see a tall skinny guy's dick. I can't paint and I can't draw and I can't sculpt. So I have to have some outlet for my fake artistic qualities. My name is Johnny Wadd. I'm a private detective. It was one of those slow days- - where there was very little money and very little pussy. Basically they get involved with me, for one of one reason. And, uh, it doesn't go beyond that. He quite literally didn't have to do anything, but be John Holmes. He came onto camera and he sat down- - and he leaned back and the girl did what she did. He would say, how much film you got? And have my cameraman could count down, and he could cum on cue. He was that good back in the early days. Not so much later. Why do you stay in the bathroom, for five hours at a time on sets? I don't know. It's a shitty habit. There was a time when he was very troubled. He'd been using drugs a lot, - and the reason we shot "Prisoner of Paradise"- - on Kauai was because I thought- - if we can get him away from Los Angeles, it might help him, and it did. His goal in life was just to see- - how many people he could fuck over as fast as he could- - and get out of town without getting killed. On the wonderland murders, Eddie Nash was this very big drug dealer, and john had hooked up. Uh, they heisted all the money and all the drugs from Eddie, - and Eddie found out it was John- - who got him in trouble, - and Eddie said, John's dead. He's like running around the country evading police. They catch him Florida. He's in jail and there's petty theft- - and there's burglary and then there's drug dealing- - and there's pimping and then he's prostituting himself. He's prostituting his girlfriend. He's all over the place doing whatever he can- - to basically keep this habit alive that he has- - that I don't think he ever quite overcame. We the jury, in the above entitled action, - find the defendant, John Curtis Holmes, not guilty of murder. When it came out that he did have AIDS, the shit hit the fan. In the industry that's pretty much the worst thing you can do. You're jeopardizing people's lives, and especially back then. AIDS was a death sentence. It wasn't something you managed. He just told them he had the flu. Typical of John to lie to everybody. Thank god none of them got sick. He was the ultimate gigolo, The ultimate Playboy. The ultimate con man, and that's what he was. Let's go. I want you to brief me before I get involved in this. Yes, sir. He's a consummate professional. He's one of the few guys- - that's had a great balance between, um, chemistry- - and, and raw sexual energy. You know, like he's found a way to be a black man and not come on set- - with like, you know, a bunch of chains and jewelry- - and like an entourage, you know. He comes in, he has a hard dick, he lays it down and, you know, - he leaves a smile on your face. And it's so funny, 'cause he's the sweetest guy. Like he's just really mellow, - and then all of a sudden, he pulls out this monster. Very early out of college I got into finance, - and so I became the proverbial wall street stockbroker, for six years. The broker that trained me brought me to a party, - which was a 19-on-1 gangbang. So I got kind of used to having sex in front of people- - at a very early part of my adulthood. That's why a lot of people buy his stuff, - 'cause they're like, I wanna watch Lex specifically fuck girls. It was just me being myself, but the key ingredient was the casting. Always the absolute best female talent- - available at the moment we were shooting. I think that he is the most successful black performer ever- - because he's just so consistent and so driven. I won Male Performer of The Year 2000, 2002, and 2003, - and one of the things I've gotten out of it- - that has been perhaps more impactful in my life- - has been that I've been the only black performer- - to have won Performer of The Year Award male or female. He's probably one of the few successful black performers- - that owns his own company, and to me, that was very inspiring. For Lex to take his name, and then spin off and do other things, you know. He has his own podcast. He has his own talk show, you know, he has his own toy line. I'm in my 15th year in the major leagues, right, - and it's not really a case where I feel that I'm getting tired of performing, - you know, despite the fact that I may now be more than twice the age- - of some of the youngest performers I work with. I love the fact that, you know, I get to do this. And there's actually a renewed vigor, for performance that I'm undergoing- - because I've gotten to the point where I realize there's only a few guys globally- - that get a chance to perform, and be regarded as the main dudes. I appreciate being a performer more now than when I started my career. Yeah, when I started in Europe, so the three first years I did only in France. So I had to make a choice. I was done with school. What do I do now? Like am I starting being a teacher- - or if I do that, I'm gonna have to really focus on that. He's just very controlling, but passionate in the same way. He's one of the few men that I will let be rough with me, and take me into that level. I think that he's the perfect performer, for every girl to work with- - because he teaches you a lot about yourself while working with him. People started doing like the rough stuff, and the gonzo things, - and he kind of like threw himself in headfirst. Once the sex started, it just like seemed to go really naturally- - and it was easy to just like tell him like, - oh, I have no limits. You can do whatever you want. It was really cool. It was like a roller-coaster. - Oh, fuck, yes. Yes, yes. - Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, the first time I had sex with Manuel, I was super nervous. I was shaking and he had to keep asking me if I was okay and if I could go through with this. I was like, yeah, you just don't understand you're a huge deal. Like when I was 18, I was watching you fuck other women. I'm gonna cum. I've done so many scenes with Manuel, it kind of blurs together. At the point, you know when you're gonna die, and your life flashes before your eyes? It would just be lots of dicks, but Manuel would be in there a lot. So I won AVN male performer of the year six times. Uh, one of them I think was, uh, foreign performer of the year. Like it's like basketball. Like everyone can play basketball. Not everyone's gonna be Kobe. We're talking about good sex down here. Rocco's up there, you know. Just like doing all sorts of crazy passionate, hard fucking. And my first movie with john was "Buttman Ultimate Workout." John, you know what kind of girl I like. I like a girl with the big, round, culo ass. This is the most successful series I ever done. I mean, john for me has really been a mentor. I think every male performer has Rocco in some way as a role model. He just exudes sexuality, - and you can't put your finger on what that is, right? That's just a thing. That's a DNA thing. When Rocco came along, you realized, oh, I can get a phenomenal sex scene. He will make this girl look really, really good. He'll make her look better than in any other movie. Since I was very teeny, very young, I had this kind of fire inside. I remember I was 13, jerking off, jerking off, jerking off, and the doctor, I remember, - was very angry, told me, hey, man, stop the jerk off. Otherwise you never, you will never get better. His performance was 30 different than anything else. He never broke eye contact. Well, my first Boy/Girl scene was with the infamous Rocco Siffredi. I didn't know his type of scenes, how aggressive they are. Speaking to me in Italian. It was great 'cause he, he, he made love to me. You know, I did two movies in french, which was not porn, it was mainstream. It was an incredible experience. Catherine come back with the movie, for me as main star. A gay guy prostitute for the first time make love with a woman. One of the best experience in my life. Elegance, style, grace, sexuality, intensity. I love that guy. And when you fuck a woman, you put your soul. You don't fuck the girl just with the dick. Woman, you need to fuck them in the brain if you want to bring something out of them. Oh, my god. In many ways both positive and negative, - the adult industry mirrors mainstream entertainment. Like Hollywood, the adult film industry- - has been correctly criticized for its lack of diversity. Performers, directors, and producers of color have been too rare in times past. But today, performers of color are starting to break through more regularly- - and controlling their own careers both in front and behind the camera. These next trailblazers made that possible- - by working through the inherent prejudice in the sex business- - and forging successful and even legendary careers. Misty Stone, so she came across as like funny, interesting, vivacious, and cool. Like totally cool. And it's really cool to see a woman of color- - in the industry that's not your typical like 34DD with a gigantic big old booty. And she's like petite and sensual, and just on fire. I think I just fell into the adult films. After awhile, it became more of a career decision because I loved it so much, - I wanted to be the best at it. The "Men In Black" parody, that movie was amazing. The special effects, the makeup was outrageous. So many girls that do Girl/Girl, like not to spoil the party, are not into Girl/Girl. I was so nervous, because, you know, like she's, she's my mentor like. When you kind of get to work with one of your idols, - you're just like, I hope they're into it. By the time we were like five minutes into it, - once we're kissing and stuff, I felt so there with her. She was one of those girls that would like would flirt before the scene- - is in the makeup chair feeling on you. Just really immediately kind of pulling me in. But now in my personal life, I got to have some dick, baby. Oh, I'm gonna cum. Being a ebony model in the business, - you kind of have a sort of like a different journey in a way, - you know, because the opportunities are different. You kind of have to really know how to carry yourself- - and know how to present yourself to the right people, - and I feel like misty has done that from the very beginning. When I started, I was told to follow Misty Stone- - as a role model, and I'm glad that I have. It's not based on popularity. It's, it's, it's based on your skin tone, baby. Say a new girl coming into the industry, and she's very dark skinned. Well, then you also have another new girl coming in the industry, - and she's a little bit more lighter skinner. Well, guess what? That lighter skinned young Lady- - is gonna get a lot more work than the darker skinner young Lady, - and that's just how it is. Now, another example would be, well, we have this young white girl- - who's gonna get 1,500 for this scene, - but I think we're gonna give this young black young Lady- - 800 for the scene, and that's just how it is. Even our own black people do it to us, and that's even sadder. That they downgrade us when they should be uplifting us. She's a character. I've brought my little sister to a scene, and it was back in the day. It was my first gangbang I ever did in my whole life. I just needed support, - and I thought that that's what family's supposed to do was be there and support you. But I don't think they're supposed to be there and support you- - when you're getting gang-banged by six or seven guys. Vanessa being the first official Latin porn-star. Wow. She is a true pioneer. She is a trailblazing superwoman that I have just, I can identify with. You talk about staying power and star power, she's, I mean, - she might be one of the most, you know, the more iconic. And I guess that's also has to do with that Latin heat. Wild, wild fucking. Nice, nice, very nice woman. Cubans are wild. Mm... I guess I was, I was like the first woman of color in the business. They saw that there was a market for it because I became so popular so fast. She had a following from day one, and she was smart enough to realize it- - and she was one of the first women to get $1,000 a day, - which was unheard of at that point. Most of the women were working for 300, 350, in that neighborhood. Hey, wait a minute. He's your husband, and you've got five minutes to finish him off and go home. I have to go to work. I did waitress. I did go-go. I did stripping. I did hooking. I did the whole 42nd street stroll, which was fun. My first movie was "China Doll." Vanessa Del Rio, the inventor of the DP. I'll take the title, but I'm sure that there was double penetration going on before me. Come on, baby. Stick it in. Come on. And I blew the cameraman. Ooh! In my first movie. That's what the '70s was like. I liked the seedy environment, and the way a peep show smelled, you know, - with the Clorox and cum. The live sex shows took place at show world. David Christopher, I think he had like a bunch of guys and girls, - like couples that wanted to see a couple fuck. Just, you know, being surrounded by a bunch of gawkers, you know, men and women. So if you wanna know why my clit was so big, was because I did body building, - and, yes, I did steroids. Doing the steroids and the side effects that's I don't recommend. But having a big clit from it, yeah. What woman wouldn't? I mean, it looks like a little dick. I suppose it is perverse, letting them believe I can't speak English and all. She would only get typecast as the, the maid. No matter how great she looked, how glamorous. Very early on, it was a white industry, - so here I come with my, you know, - bigger than life like, you know, big hair, and you know, like that. And so I was noted as first Latina. Pretty good, no? Vanessa Del Rio is an inspiration to girls like me in the industry- - that are of Latin descent, you know, because she didn't let that hold her back. She owned it. Oh, yess, yes, yes. Asa Akira is certainly a character like no other. 30 my first job in the adult entertainment world was as a dominatrix when I was 19 years old. I was just walking down the street one day, and this guy just stopped me on the street- - and asked me, would you be interested in being in the adult entertainment industry? And I was like, yes. And I followed him upstairs to his dungeon. The next day, I started training to be a dominatrix. So I'm really lucky. I mean, he could have killed me. That is her 100% of the time. She has no filter. She is the beginning of what I feel like what made, made this business step outside the box. In 2013, I signed an exclusive contract with Wicked Pictures. Probably the first girl I signed that already was a huge star. Wicked shoots really beautiful, high budget, like glamorous stuff. So the AVN awards were one of the few things- - I actually knew about porn coming in, so it was really exciting to be asked to host the event. That same night that I hosted the awards, I won Female Performer of The Year. All: Asa Akira. Oh, my god. Yes. I wanted this so fucking bad. I got this theory that the reasons there are never that many Asian girls - in the industry at any given time is 'cause for most of us, - like the second our family finds out, that's it. That's worked out to my advantage. Like I got to be in a lot of movies as the Asian girl. And I think that's very wrong. I think she is very much, whether she was Asian or not is an amazing performer. And she really is gonna be one of the last big stars of porn. Like I said, she would go to a shoot to do an anal shoot- - and end up doing a gangbang by accident. There was a lot of accidents on her sets, - but I guess happy accidents for the directors. You know, like I always tell people like I'm the best case scenario in porn. Found love. I've found a career. Um, I've never been taken advantage of. Last year I had a memoir published. Uh, it's titled "insatiable: Porn a love story." And that's like exactly how I feel about the industry. It's, it's, it's been a love story. Um, as cheesy as that sounds. The modern adult star is a much different breed than those in the past. 25 years ago, tattoos and piercings were taboo. Sex acts performed in movies- - rarely included bondage, discipline, or S&M. Today, some of the biggest adult stars- - are what we might call alternative. But even as the alternative blends into mainstream, - these stars stand out with their unique styles- - and no fears, no limits approach... To sex. - You like my blazer? - Oh, yeah. She was going to make herself a brand, - and she wanted to shoot hot tattooed girls- - and alternative styles, which was very different from what you were typically seeing. Why I think Joanna is such a big star- - is because that she doesn't try to change her style- - where it's like, well, they're doing that, - so we should start doing that. It's like, - no, this is what works for us. And that's what her fans love. Joanna angel has always been a person- - who I've looked up to in the industry. Someone who started her own business when she was in college. I don't think it was me that actually came up with burning angel, - but I did say I wanted some kind of good girl, bad girl thing. I didn't know anything about porn. I had never watched a porn. I knew nothing about the industry. I didn't even really know that porn was an industry. I mean, this was 13 or 14 years ago. There was no Twitter, there was no Instagram. You could not just log on to anywhere on the internet- - and find out what porn-stars do every day. So I guess I was the first girl- - to have her own hardcore video porn site. So we got a lot of press when we first started. I wasn't expecting to be a figurehead, for punk and porn and feminism. I wanted to do everything, - so the first scene I ever did I had anal sex, - and that was only like the third time I even did it in my whole life. - here's what happens when a website becomes a movie. I don't know if anyone really got it. So Tommy pistol, it was his first scene and my first scene. He kept asking me if, if he would have to shave- - his ass or not if he did the movie. A lot of the sex that we had- - was like in places in new york or Brooklyn, - and sometimes they were out on rooftops- - or in like in school busses- - and with a lot of Hasidic Jews walking around- - wondering what's going on in there? Something I really love about Joanna- - is that she has a really great sense of humor. And so she always brings that piece of herself into her scenes. Thank you, kind sir. And I'll tell you what. I'll even let you put it in my butt. I've now won an AVN award, for best sex comedy three times now. It's kind of where I've sort of found my comfort zone in porn. She also picked up on it really early in her career that if she had her own site, - that she wanted her sites to be the only place you could find Joanna angel fucking. I really hate the term "Alt Porn," - but I do realize that everything in porn needs a category. I got into porn by literally weaseling my way- - into the porn industry, and I'm still here. Pick up a camera, shoot something, - get it out there, you're in porn. There it is. Oh, god, I think I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna cum. Skin diamond is easily one of the greatest crossover, BDSM, and porn performers. I think that's probably why so many people like her- - is because she's not afraid to be herself. She's just as good at receiving flogging and nipple clamps as she is at taking anal. She's very exotic. Like she could be from the future. She could be from the past. She could be from Pangia. I don't know. Oh, yeah. Oh. I was born in California, - but I moved to Scotland when I was three because my dad was a missionary. I wanted to start modeling nude, - which was a big deal, - because at the time, my dad had transitioned- - from being a missionary to a children's tv show host. So it was a, a big scandal. I mean, ten or 20 years ago I don't think somebody could have like- - built their entire career being alternative looking, I would say. She understands being a sex worker in a way that a lot of the newer girls don't get. Not only that, but alternative sex worker by choice. Coming from the fetish scene, you know, it's, it's a very misunderstood group. And then all of a sudden, I was in this environment where the dirtier, the better. Like you wanna do something crazy? Then let's film it. I had her like kind of all tied up and was like- - filming her on like a super 8 camera and being really creepy. And like, I'm gonna be a star. You're my princess. She's the type of person that you want to fuck. With a gun. - No, I'm not lying. - Don't lie to me. No. When I first got in, everyone told me to, - that, again, that my look was too extreme. But it was actually, it actually worked in my favor, - I think, because it made me stand out. I, I think that being a submissive woman- - is a very empowering thing to do um, because you have to be- - really tough, and in the fetish world, it's all about consent. It's not about abuse. I've been very blessed in that I've gotten a lot of mainstream attention. I've actually got to do some really cool stuff. Count to ten. One. Two. Why are you being so gentle? Oh! I have a lot of nerdy pleasures, so I did a whole movie- - where I cos-played different characters from the different worlds. Wind moving through the leaves, bring me harry potter please. A few years ago, I was featured in a marvel comic, the new "Daredevil"- - as the reference model to draw echo. Pretty, pretty cool. I'm sorry. I gotta, I gotta hand it to myself. So against what a lot of the industry- - considers to be all odds, she's risen further- - than most people can ever dream of rising. By showing her true self, I think she's a, she's kind of, she's kind of my hero for that. I think it really goes to show how far we've come as human beings right now. Liking crazy sex isn't as unusual for a girl to like sucking cock. Are you not his whore? Both my parents were very religious in the Mormon religion, - so I kind of grew up with that upbringing. I transitioned from Jesus to the adult industry by seeking I think validation. It's refreshing to be around someone- - that is so comfortable with themselves and who they are- - that it makes you feel more comfortable with who you are. She wasn't a fake person in any way, shape or form. And I hate to say it, but in the porn business, - sometimes being somewhat fake with your emotions is a necessity. You think you can handle me? Yeah, I think so. I think I can handle you. I think you need to bend over. The thing that led to belladonna's popularity, - I believe, was when Diane sawyer profiled her on "Prime Time Live." The hatchet job, but people had a lot of empathy for belladonna, - and that opened the door for her success. She says afterwards she was shattered, - but she just didn't know how to refuse. Because I didn't know any better, you know? I had these ideas of fame and attention and money. When she started, if a girl had a tattoo, - more than half the producers wouldn't even hire the person if they had tattoos. And by the time she finished, it was a completely different world. Ahe attention that I was getting from my body was powerful. You know, it was the first time in my life I felt like, wow, like I am sexy. I got an opportunity to direct for evil angel. As a female director who was really the one with the ideas. Because she could be real in those movies, - and she was in a safe, comfortable environment. We were just hanging out and capture what you capture, and that's it. You know, I had never really thought too much about what I was doing. I got these opportunities and I did 'em- - and I was very much in the moment, day to day. And in the height of DVD sales, belladonna was a top seller week after week. In the 1970s and early 1980s, when porn was mostly still shown in movie theaters, - acting was as much a premium as sexual ability. Some of the greatest actors from the golden age of adult cinema were classically trained. Appearing in adult films then became an act of rebellion. Here now are adult cinema's most award worthy dramatic performers. I am compelled to introduce myself. My name is Johnny Dooropener. Howdy, Mr. Dooropener. How did you know who I was? It's my business to know people. John was very innovative. He was the real deal all day. He actually could act, and then he could also do a, a sexual performance, and I think- - to be able to do both was just a pretty rare gift. Of all the male porn-stars in the '70s, he probably sold the most tickets. He was the only actor of that era- - that people came to see because of his acting, and his charisma, - and he was the Clark Gable of his era. At that time, there was no material out there, so they had- - soft-core movies, right, people had soft-core movies, - let's cut in hardcore footage. They'd cut from this film of this guy pretending to fuck this girl, soft-core, - and they'd cut in me fucking the girl, so you get a little in and out. I did five one day, inserts and cum shots. Every time you came, they gave you another fucking $50. And I don't know why they wanted the fourth and fifth one 'cause it was blanks. He just had a way about him that was '80s charismatic. I would say he's like the Clint Eastwood of porn. You just wanted to, to please him. He had swag and he was sexy, and he was, he was like a ladies man. And I feel like women wanted him, and men kind of wanted to be him. Did I give you enough dick? Huh? I give you enough dick? He was the original guy to talk dirty to girls to get where he wanted to get. I bet the police get in your pants all the time, huh? But you gotta watch those cops. They'll fuck you to death. - You ever been fucked in the ass before? - Mm-mm. - Are you curious what it's about? - Mm. It was, it was fun, it was mostly fun because we were best friends. The last two weeks he was alive, he was hanging at joey's, - and, uh, they just understood each other. Well, to be honest, I wish john was even more, - uh, had more of an impact than he was. That's a big problem with this business is that when you are gone in this business, you are gone. I mean, anybody that can do ten pages of script, four costume changes, - and three sex scenes in a ten-hour day, you know, goes to the top of the list. - Oh, yeah, fuck her. - No, I don't think I will. Oh, fuck her like you fuck me, Nick. Making films was a lot different then, and it was huge. Like we would have big red carpet premieres, and you would go into a theater. And if it was a good movie, you could run six weeks, two months, - playing the same movie at a theater. I thought, wow. I could act. All my friends from college weren't acting. I could get paid for it, and I could have sex. It was like, oh, yeah. You always carry around girl's underpants? Yeah, I collect them. Maybe I can give you some of mine sometime. Veronica came across as more intelligent. She came across as more capable, and her scenes came off as very genuine. One of the most favorite roles that I've ever had was in "Amanda by Night." Can you fucking believe that? Oh, no, no. Another reason why I really liked that movie is I actually won best actress. Now if I could ask you a question. Why did your last coordinator leave? She wasn't putting out, uh, she wasn't putting out- - the kinds of results that we were looking for. Mm-hmm. You do have, uh, quite an employment history. "Wanda Whips Wall Street." What a fun movie that was. They actually made a straight film out of it- - called "Stocks and Blondes." We went back and re-shot. You know, Lester, I don't usually go out with men from the office, - but seeing as you're from Tyler's Cleveland branch, - I thought I'd make an exception. Veronica became the quintessential sex goddess, and the actress. And she was still managed to maintain the feeling- - that she was your girlfriend or the friend of your sister's. I did 13 movies one year, and they told me I had ruined my career. And what it did, it just made me more well known. People have a lot to say about this business, - but where else can a female do so many things? I mean, I've done about everything in the business. I was able to act, I was able to direct, - I could produce, I'd been a stylist, I'm still a production manager. Where else? I know the straight business wouldn't afford me that. In a career sense, good actress, sexy gal, somebody that you could, uh, - jerk off to and not feel bad about, - but made you feel good about being a sexual human being- And who really wanted to connect, and really wanted to spread love. Jamie was absolutely the icon of all time. And he's one of the pioneers of modern pornography, a complete and total deviant. Creepy, dirty, nasty, sexy behavior. He was able somehow to, to make it classy. Happened pretty quickly, because once I started working, - uh, it was like an avalanche after about a year, you know, maybe a year. It was like all of a sudden, I was the guy, you know, that, - I mean, there was one point in new york where I counted 14 of my films playing in one day. It's amazing to me that somebody who is famous in the end- - for showing the raw, real side of their sexuality is also an amazing actor. You know, you pulled off quite a neat little trick with that fantasy of yours. - Does that feel good? - Yeah, it's just sex. I am pretty dirty, though, girls. You'll have to work hard. Repent! You must repent! God! Please forgive me! To me, sex was a big drug, if you want to call it that. I was really interested in the sex. The idea that people were getting, drinking or taking pills to, to, you know, - forget the experience they were having on the set, you know, or maybe they felt bad about it. I don't know what they were doing. To me it didn't, it didn't make any sense to me. You know, I was really after the, the piece of ass I was gonna fuck. Men, women, I don't think it mattered to him. Jamie Gillis may have said at times that he was bisexual, - but I think the only label you could put on Jamie Gillis is pervert. Jamie, um, Gillis would not fly. I remember it was on a TWA flight, and we're gonna take off, - and Jamie tells me that he has a tremendous fear of flying. And then he reaches down, he pulls out a baggie- - that's got panties in it and he says, this is for my black, black ore. The plane starts rolling down the runway. Jamie opens up the bag, and he starts, he starts huffing on it, the bag, - and the smell from the bag was so horrendous and so putrid, it was insane. I mean, that was Jamie. He was a pervert, - so sniffing the panties, that was like crack cocaine to him. "Dracula Sucks," that was the role he was meant to play. The blood is the life- - there are far worse things awaiting man than death. In my heyday, I was maybe working maybe one or two days a week. The rest of the time, I was just hanging out, - you know, and I was making enough money- - and I wasn't even, what was that? You call that work? You know, a garbage man, that's work. And to have a career that lasts that long, - to be so innovative, and to really express- - who you truly are as a sexual being to me is something to be envied. Annette definitely looked like she would be in the mainstream movies. She definitely did not look like she was in the adult industry. She could've been a Victoria secret model. She was just so fetching and a wonderful actress- - and serious as a heart attack and a great businesswoman. The most amazing thing for me about Annette haven- - is, um, not just like how beautiful she is, but also how kind of innocent she is. She combined like this very ethereal personality, look, and so forth with the sex. And, uh, she was one of the first where, - where her name became, you know, a name. I wasn't aware of how popular I was. I have never been aware of that. I've never been aware of how beautiful I am. I remember being in la. In the summer of '77, and "desires within young girls"- - making more money at the box office than over half of Hollywood. I was in slot 14. Mel Brooks' "Young Frankenstein" was in slot 17. Annette, uh, was always perceived as a feminist, and she still is. As far as I know, I am the only person in adult films- - who did not do any of the degrading acts. The facial ejaculation, because I don't want- - that represented to the American public as adult sexuality. You know what's interesting about Annette is that- - you would almost kind of not expect her- - to be a very good actress just based off of the fact- - that she didn't have an acting background. But she is so good. You said you'd give me a chance. Aren't you forgetting something? "Sports Life" is a man's magazine. But that's just it, you see, - we get all the women's readership, too. Finding people who could speak, - who were beautiful, who had beautiful bodies, - blah, blah, blah, it was a bit difficult, I guess. Blake Edwards approached me for "10." Blake was very nice, and invited me down to Hollywood. He said, can you get me people who are naked? And I said, oh, yeah. So I was the casting agent, and the production manager for the party scene. There was something, uh, just wonderful to watch- - Annette Haven on film having sex. We all have to pretend, what, our mommies didn't have sex. Every last one of our mommies had sex. Hopefully they enjoyed it. I want you to let me see your tits. How and when did I meet Richard Pacheco? I think it was some point in the early '80$. When he said that he was writing a book, he said, will you write the forward? And I said I would. He is family. He's a nice Jewish boy. You could take him home to mom I think. I had plans of becoming a rabbi, and they happened at the same time, - uh, I had my first offer to be in a porn film. So I had a decision to make. Richard's motivation was to be an actor, uh, much more than a, a sex performer. By far, Richard Pacheco is the greatest male actor in adult film history. Cupid, draw back your bow, and let your arrow- - go straight to my lover's heart for me. When I met him, I was kind of freaked out- - because my mom and I enjoyed "Playgirl" magazine, and we had his pinup. In the 1980s, if Hollywood didn't put a scarlet letter- - around the adult industry, he would have been the first actor- - to cross over and actually do adult, and then do mainstream films, - like James Deen does now. Richard Pacheco won best supporting actor, for "nothing to hide," uh, - because he portrayed somebody that was, uh, slow. But he was really sweet, too, and it was a very romantic little storyline. I love her. Well, I love Miss Fernstein the landlord, too. That doesn't mean I'm gonna marry her, does it? It's not the same thing, jack, and you know it. Fuck love, man! What are you, a sucker? "Irresistible" was “Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure." They must have taken cues from that. There were so many different parallels with that. What province are you from? You probably haven't heard of it. It's called Marin county. They gave me Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor. And, wow. Wow. Thank you, Jesus. That was a coup. It's ironic that porn-stars were discredited- - because they were fucking, 'cause you can't fake fucking. You really got to be there, and that's a tremendous achievement- - to get yourself real enough to be able to do that. Do I think he would've made it as a straight actor? Probably, you know, 'cause he's really good. He knows how to improvise. He knows how to be a straight actor. He knows these things. I think that's what makes him one of the greats. Some adult stars gain even greater fame- - by crossing over into mainstream entertainment. Sometimes a scandal worked in their favor. Other times, great marketing, or an inherently irresistible appeal- - bridged the gap between sex stardom, and pop culture acclaim. These stars blasted right through barriers- - separating the adult business from big time show business. Of those big three, Linda Lovelace, Georgina Spelvin, - Marilyn Chambers, Marilyn clearly stands out. The camera loved her. But she had this girl next door like innocent look- - that not many girls in porn back then had. Well, I answered an ad in the San Francisco "Chronicle"- - that said, now casting for a major motion picture. I thought, oh, this is a little bit too naughty for me. She thought that if she did a good job in this movie- - it would lead to a lot of mainstream roles for her- - because it would show that she could act. But also, the amount of money they were offering was like, mm. You know, they're like we really like your look. Just sit down and talk with us. And so she actually negotiated with them, and said that she would do it, - but only under the circumstances - that they give her, um, ten percent of the film's gross revenue, - which is huge, you know, like that's insane. And I said I don't really wanna know what's gonna happen. I know it's gonna be wild and sexy, - and it's gonna be scary probably for me at certain times, but I don't wanna know. When we started to have sex, it was the kind of thing where I was like totally freaked out. I didn't think I was gonna be able to do this one. Then it, there was a moment where it turned from terror, hah, to pleasure, - and I really believe you can see that. The controversy between me being on the ivory soap box, - it was a pr man's dream. It just happened to be the very same week that "Behind the Green Door" opened in the theaters. So it was just, thank you. And Procter & Gamble wasn't real happy about it. My favorite scene is the pool table scene in "Insatiable." I could tell that it was a hot scene- - because when the crew applauds you, you know that it's good. "Insatiable" was one of those quintessential movies. Rich girl who is a model, and she just had this sexual appetite- - that nobody could satisfy. I devote myself to all men, and a lot of women. She wrote a song for it, - for the movie she did, "Insatiable," and she actually sang it. It's the song that plays behind the titles. She did some modeling beyond that. She even did dinner theater in Las Vegas, for about a year. Believe it or not, the mayor of Las Vegas gave her the key to the city. I don't know what it used to be like to hire an adult actor in a mainstream type movie. I don't know if that was a big stigma that people had to get over. I assume it must have been. The biggest one I remember is when Marilyn Chambers was in Cronenberg's film. And he cast her as the lead in his movie "Rabid." You gotta come quick. You gotta come quick and get me. And of course that had never happened before. This was the first time someone who had been a porn-star, - who was well known as a porn-star was cast in a major mainstream movie. Being Marilyn Chambers has always been kind of, - not a facade, because I've always believed that you have to be that person 24 hours a day. You have to really believe in what you're doing, which I have, and I've had a lot of fun. But now that I have a daughter. Learning all of that was kind of scary at first, because like I said, - my mom is my mom, not Marilyn chambers to me. So knowing everything that she's done- - and my friends knowing the things that she's done, - um, is was pretty hard to get used to. But there were some funny times where I'd see her name on HBO- - and she'd come running out and say like, close your eyes. Don't watch that. I just don't want her to follow in my footsteps. In the end like I'm just so proud of her, and she knew that, so that was my only concern. I'm not gonna say that I created porno chic, but I know that I was part of it. And that was a very important time in our history- - where people like Johnny Carson were waiting in line- - to see “Deep Throat" and "Behind the Green Door." And I truly believe that it's not educational, - but it certainly can be very helpful in kind of helping your sex life. It helped mine. He's not, you know, sort of like the hulking male porn-star. Of the '90s with like the, you know, like thong tan lines and stuff like huge pecs. And he's just this guy, the kind of guy that you would have a crush on in chemistry class. That's him. He's the Justin Bieber of porn. So my whole life is I wanna do porn, I wanna do porn, I wanna do porn. It wasn't a new thing when I turned 18 to, you know, tell my parents. So once I explained all this to my parents, - and then also reminded them that I still have my money- - from when I got bar mitzvahed. Like I, I'm not the type of guy who's gonna think, oh, I made a bunch of money. I'm gonna go buy a Ferrari and a solid gold house, and like get a rocket car. That's also a "Simpson's" reference. I met James when he was, I believe he was 18 years old. I mean, he was just good. I mean, we went through the entire scene, - and then he popped, and I was like, oh, shit. We've got to go through and do the stills. And he was like: "That's cool. I'm young and spry. I can get some more out." So... and he did, which was outstanding. In 2009, I became the youngest person to ever win male performer of the year- - from AVN, which is a very prestigious award. All: James Deen. I had a panic attack, ran and hid, and my girlfriend at the time accepted the award for me. James, where the fuck are you? I have heard of the Deen-agers. Deen-agers is invented by Dana Dearmond. She was the one who coined that term, so let's give credit where credit is due. Because he's such a relatable guy, - and he's young enough for, you know, young girls to be attracted to him. What's funny to be me is there are scenes that I've done with him- - and I'll get tagged because he's in the scene, and the Deen-agers love James Deen, - and I just happened to be an extra body in the room. I feel like people are trying to create more of that "Boy and Girl Next Door" look. But when I first started in 2004, it was all about performance. It had nothing to do with guys or props. We don't care what you look like, you know. Like why the hell, who's looking at you? I have no desire to do mainstream stuff. "The Canyons"? Hell, yeah. You have Bret Easton Ellis, who's an incredibly talented writer- - and you have Paul Schrader who's an incredibly talented director- - and they were like so sick of the standard Hollywood structure of, you know, - all the stuff, and they wanted to do a DIY film- - that was just for the sake of making a fucking film. - Jealous? - Yeah, - if there are other people involved. Like guys. It's mostly girls, and, no, I do not get jealous watching my girl hook up with another chick. Is this guy for real? Are you for real? Which is the most flattering thing in the world- - that the guy that wrote "American Psycho" and "Less Than Zero"- - wrote a character for me. I mean, sometimes these, these, you know, people in adult will get like this sort of taste- - of mainstream attention and decide that they're, they're gonna move on and start this whole new life. Adult films are not a launching pad into mainstream. It's just not. I think there's this stigma that people in adult films, - they do this 'cause they have to- - or they do this because they have nothing else- - or, or, and they forget that we're performers, - just like The Rock and Vin Diesel are action performers. Being famous in the adult industry is useless. Being a good performer is what matters. She was Vivid. They signed her to be the face of the company. She was on every box cover. Well, there was no such thing as a contract girl until Ginger came along. She is definitely a matriarch in the business. I think she's the beautiful girl next door. I do. I think she's that girl next door- - that you've had that crush on for a really long time- - and then all of a sudden just kind of came into her own sexually. And you definitely wanted to bang the shit out of her, and she never had time for you. I walked into, uh, Jim South's office. He was my agent. Uh, you don't have a portfolio? Oh, no. I had my shots in high school. And I tell him, okay, I'm gonna do it. And I want this much money and I want script approval- - and I want cast approval. He's on the floor rolling. He said you're not gonna start that way. Lunch is served. I got all my demands met, and I started thinking, - oh, my god. What if I can't do this? My very first film was "Surrender in Paradise." I was fine fucking on film. Could not get the dialogue to come out of my mouth. We spent about four hours trying to do it. And I thought you might be different. Like all the other guys, get what you want and chuck me out. So Steven Hirsch was starting vivid entertainment, - actually at that time, it was called vivid video, - and they wanted me to be the star of all of their first films. Every day I would wake up and go, yes! I'm gonna blow this guy today. I'm gonna eat that pussy today. I'm gonna do this. And it was exciting for me. If you stuck with it, if you became a pro, - hell, I don't think there's anybody that could even come close to you. Do I look okay? You look great. "New Wave Hookers" was an amazing film. Stick your tongue in up my ass hole and lick it. Girls next door didn't do double penetration. I was, I was the girl next door who did all the dirty things. I've done more mainstream than I have adult at this point. I need to pee! - What about my hands? - What about 'em? - How am I gonna wipe? - I'll help ya. So I did "Vice Academy" one, two, and three. And each of you must make ten arrests in order to get a position on the force. My father says that my badge and uniform are already waiting for me. So I like hiring people where they already- - come with their weird baggage of their career or life. So as soon as they walk on screen, you know, be it a Ginger Lynn or a Danny Trejo, - you go, somethin's goin' on there. She showed up on crutches, which was kind of a surprise. My introduction to Sid Haig was just being plopped on on his dirty tighty whities. - Yes, yes, yes. - Come on, baby. Oh, oh, oh, ride it, baby. Ride it, ride it, ride it. She started it all. I mean, without her, there could not have been - strong names like Chasey Lain, and Jenna Jameson. She is the number one. There are very few women like her. Do it! Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. Oh, slam it. Slam that cunt for me. Ugh! Yeah! I felt like I could watch her, and see the emotion- - not just in her face, but in her body. Janine is super hot. Like super hot, like supermodel hot. I asked my husband if he was okay with it, and we agreed that women only. She knew how to turn it on. She'd been in front of audiences- - for a long time as a dancer. In blondage, they did their routine, it was so hot, like I was completely turned on. And then they go backstage, and then they do their real scene- - in the behind the scenes, and I was like, yeah, yeah. The drugs, the alcohol involved with porn. During that time, there was, and I would partake, and it was not a pretty sight. You will sink hard and fast if you go down that road. She is the person that made porn feel not only super mainstream, - but she was kind of like the rockstar of porn. Blink 182. That has got to be my highlight. It brought in the youth. So the Vince Neil sex tape. It was rough, because at this time, I hadn't shot anything with men. But, you know, it was a shocker at first. I find it interesting that she comes back- - as like this like beast of a sexual woman. She does dudes. She does interracial. Please? Please please me. Finally I said fuck it. I'm gonna go for it, and this is what I want. These are my fantasies. And that's when I think a lot of like the passionate scenes that I had in "Pirates," you know... Um, that intensity was really starting to come out. I wouldn't change a thing. At the time, there was a lot of glamour and a lot of fun, and a lot of camaraderie. That was, that was a good time. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Oh, my god. Fuck. Yes, yes. I'd like to think I was political before, and that was- - a large part of my motivation getting into the industry- - was to disprove the status quo about women, uh, and, and, and female sexuality. The more I watched porn, the more I realized that this is something I could do- - and, and maybe I could bring something different to it as well. When Sasha Grey first contacted me, this is what she wrote me. "I hunger for all modes of sexual perversity." I'm determined and ready to be a commodity that fulfills everyone's fantasies. Available for solo, stills, girl/girl, boy/girl, boy/boy/girl, - DP, double vag, interracial, throat gagging, - creampies, BDSM, fetish, facials, "bachelor parties, and groups of no more than four." She's cool. Sasha is, is deep. We're remaking "Deep Throat," so I want to meet her. The new "Deep Throat" is a huge movie. It's important. It's the biggest movie, you know, this company has ever made. It took us a long time to decide who could really pull it off, and it's Sasha. Steven Soderbergh looked her up, and found the Myspace page. Contacted her through that. I didn't want anybody other than Sasha, for "Girlfriend Experience." Once I'd spoken to her, - I really felt I wanted to build it around her, - and I sort of cast everybody else based on what I was getting from her. I'm very familiar with his work, and it was flattering, to be honest, - uh, but also extremely intimidating. He's an incredibly intelligent human being. I found this, it's kind of a really interesting dichotomy with her of, of- - middle American upbringing, and sort of extreme interest and extreme behavior. Whatever method she found of reconciling these two things, - seemed to be working for her. He told me it would be mostly improv, and wanted me to be comfortable with that. So how did it go? It was fine. We had a nice dinner. You know, went back to the hotel. But he's very well-endowed, and sometimes I just can't handle him that long. The change, I think, largely via the internet about people's attitudes about pornography - or just, just sex videos in general has just completely shifted in the last ten years. Making that leap from doing hardcore porn to shooting mainstream movies - with very well known people is, is almost impossible. She was like Garbo-esque. So I said, well, if this is any time to take the jump, this is it, and I did it quietly. It wasn't this big announcement. I'm not leaving anything behind. I haven't found Jesus. I'm not trying to run away from anything. I'm just moving on. What made her a great porn-star? Besides the fact that she was really good looking, she was a pervert, - and nobody could bullshit her, because she was like usually smarter- - than most of the people shooting her. Some names are bigger than others. And the top two greatest adult stars of all time share one thing in common, - they're erotic icons. They check every box for what makes a legend. Longevity? Check. Mainstream popularity? Double check. Sexual prowess? Check. Looks? Well, women of the '70s and '80s found him very handsome, - and men still drool over her. There are no two bigger names in the history of adult cinema - than our greatest male and female adult stars of all time. ♪ You're a winner ♪“ ♪ That's what you are ♪ ♪ Believe it or not ♪ ♪ You know ♪ ♪ You're really a star ♪ ♪ And so happy... ♪ Let's talk about fame. Uh, most famous guy in porn worldwide has gotta be Ron Jeremy. Without ever having had a publicist, without every having had an agent or a manager, - has managed to become the most famous pop culture icon. I mean, he transcends porn. People don't think of Ron Jeremy as a porn-star. People think of Ron Jeremy as a famous person. I was there in the golden era, - that's what they call it, the golden era, I was there right smack in the middle of it. I was going back and forth, L.A. to New York. I heard that his dick was so big that he actually could like, you know, go on himself. Go suck yourself off, she says. Charming. I first got into porn thinking I'd just be in it- - for maybe just a couple of weeks, a few months. See what it's like and then get out. So I started doing all the bigger films in New York. "Bad Girls" had a cute little story where I was a boy scout. Hello. Oh, my goodness! - Please. - What do you want? I'd like some of that pussy, if you don't mind. So he's infiltrated media in like all its forms, mainstream and porn. And he's fantastic. He's a really good actor. He's like the essential ham. As an actor, when he's awake, great performance. Adam Rifkin is the nicest guy I know- - and the greatest guy I know, and I have to say this- - or he'll stop giving me parts in movies, - the guy is easy and he's been more loyal than anybody on the planet. I made this movie called "Detroit Rock City," and obviously to play the emcee- - at the male strip club was an easy one. That was our viking, Patrick Hirsch, - and he's hung like a Norse. Our next amateur has a name like a bird, and if you like birds, you'll like this. It's just a swallow. I'd never heard of him before I got in the industry. I saw him on MTV, uh, when he was doing a reality tv show. And that's the impression I had of him, not as a sexpert, just him being funny. I have a feeling there're gonna be a lot of people who are dead set against- - what I do for a living, maybe religious, could be born again, you know. So I have a gut feeling that I'm gonna come across- - some adversarial opinions as to my career choices. In "Orgazmo," we do a martial art fight. At the end, he gets the Orgazmo's gun on me, - and I freeze up, kicks me in the head, my head literally blows up. "Boon Dock Saints" is by far the biggest thing I've ever done as far as an audience. Sit the fuck down. All these stars, when they see Ron Jeremy, - they drop whatever they do, I've seen it, drop whatever they do. Oh, my god. Get a picture with Ron Jeremy. Kurt Cobain and Courtney Love- - went running over to him for an autograph when they saw him. George Bush, Sr. was walking the other way having, - he was just President of The United States, - as they're passing, he hears George bush say, hello, Ron. That's why I attribute my longevity to just a lot of hard work, - a lot of classical movies from the golden era, - and also a lot of mainstream. It's amazing for all the things- - that Ron Jeremy has seen and done in his life, - how he manages to maintain a sense of innocence. And I swear to you, he is a, he's like an innocent kid- - in the body of this... Hideous monster. Listen, I'm gonna say goodbye now while I kiss these nipples. Look how and they're cold, they stick out even more. Why is Jenna so popular? She was maybe not even arguably- - the most successful, the most well marketed, - the best selling porn-star of all time. Jenna might've had a little bit of that Ginger Lynn thing- - where she just looked so young and sweet and innocent- - and looked like the last place she should be- - was looking to get into this business. And I thought I could do it better, you know. I just always felt that way all my life, that I was capable of topping everyone. That's the shot you'd see in your magazine, folks, right there. Yeah. Yeah. I read Jenna Jameson's book "How to make love like a porn-star," - and I, I was so attracted to the industry from those pages. Jenna and I shot our first movie on the same day. - I'm Kylie. - And I'm Jenna. I'm 19. 'Cause, I mean, here's little Jenna, and she's a little blonde, perfect little tiny boobs, - and she was asking me about mine. She's like, where'd you get yours? They're great. What doctor did them? I'm like don't touch those. Those are perfect. Look, back in '95, - while the business was starting to go through a growth, - it was still only two years into Wicked Pictures. I just said, listen, you can either jump on the Jenna train- - or I'm out, and this is what I want. Give it to me and I will skyrocket. We signed Jenna, - and it didn't take very long for Jenna to become the big deal. Even then, you knew that Jenna was gonna be something big. She'd already started to climb that ladder, - and she was already Jenna vs. Jenna Jameson. I just had larger than life ideas. Jenna was winning Best Actress, Best Sex Scene, Starlet of the Year. One of her movies we did won Best Film. So it was really a quick ride. I was starting to gain momentum. I knew I was capable of so much more. She was everywhere. Again, she was not just on the porn sets. She was in movies. You have to be a stripper with a take no prisoners raw survival instinct. She was on talk shows. I can't believe it. I'm looking at your pictures. You could be a model. Thank you. By this time, she already knew what was going on. She knew how to light things and she knew how to direct- - and she knew the kind of scenes that she wanted to do. She owned all that. This ls a male dominated industry, and I can crack it open. I started my own company, club Jenna. I think Jenna Jameson was super business savvy, - and she, you know, had a whole idea of how her career was gonna go- - and exactly the moves she was going to make in order for her to have longevity in adult- - and also to make tons and tons of money at a time in the business, when, you know, it was opportune. I shot my own movies for my company, - and I also did a licensing! Distribution deal with Vivid, - which was ground breaking, like changed things for the whole industry when they saw those numbers. Then I got to direct her in, in uh, "The Masseuse," of course, - and "Devil in Miss Jones," - and two of the best movies I've ever done. Well, things are about to change. You can have anything you want. Oh... She became somewhat of a control freak. I felt myself like ramping up. I was like, okay, I'm starting to get this. She got so much adulation so quickly. I couldn't go anywhere without people screaming my name. And she didn't handle it as well as she might have. It was, it kind of blew my mind. I saw her become a caricature of herself. It was like being Julia Roberts when she got her Oscar, you know. She seemed to start to become less happy. I played the part. I worked it. I brought glamour. I never did anything half-ass. I think it was the right girl, the right time, - the right company, and all things were aligned, and it worked. Do I think it's possible to do that again on that level? I don't. I think she is probably the biggest star of all time- - because I don't think that can happen again. It's fair to say this list is far from complete. Dozens of other larger than life legends- - deserve to have their stories told, - performers who've contributed to the adult industry- - in unique and important ways, many of whom continue to. But when it comes to the modern porn industry, - which began in actual movie theaters five decades ago- - and continues on hand-held devices today, - these are the stars who have shined the brightest, and rocked us the hardest. I'm Mr. Skin. Good night. Woman excellent. I'm the best clapper ever. Nice. I have spent quite a bit of time with ginger. She will never cease to chase me around- - with a dildo or a strap-on or taking off my clothes, - and that's, that's ginger. I hated those scarves. The scarves were provided. There's enough cum on those scarves to start a whole new population of people. Something that I've never revealed about myself. I have a big giant penis. It's just, it's tucked inside my vagina. That's what I was gonna tell you. Is it good? Come on. I mean, you know, DP? That's kind of a natural thing. If there's another guy in the picture, you know, you got the extra hole. And she was a wild girl. Cubans are wild. Don't you know Cubans? They got that nice round ass and they're wild, man. My famous line was, you know, You wanna twat sandwich, baby? Where she had the biggest clit and the largest pussy lips- - at that particular time, which, I'm a freak, and so that immediately- - got me fanatically involved with like sucking and swallowing them down. I had a pimp, which he got paid 40%. I took 60 'cause I had to get a boyfriend out of jail. So I'm used to those days. Hippie girls, hair under their arms, - all that kind of stuff. Hair all over their legs. You couldn't see the pussy. It was all like a tree. You had to like take a rake and like rake it out to get even to see anything. And each scene was connected, not separate scenes. Everything flowed like a river or something. - And a lot of pubic hairs. - They were all so hairy. Pubic hair. There was a lot of hair. And she had pubic hair. And lots of it. I was just gonna say that. The first time I had a strange dick in my hairy pussy. It was the '80s. I'd probably been in the business a few months. I still was a little nervous about the business, - and now they have me driving out to the hinterlands, for this shoot, and I'm sure - that I'm gonna get killed out there, and buried in an avocado grove. Whoa. Sorry. That was so compelling, you lost your balance. I was impressed by both the ladies in that scene, actually. I saw that about to happen. There's a whole bunch of producers I had to sleep with to get a lot of jobs. No, I'm just... - I hope not. - Slept with two of 'em at least. And one that took you to a Barry Manilow concert. She called me up... Dude, but they made me stars, though. I slept with the right producers, I swear. Which ones off the record? I guess "Deep Throat" was such a big event. People were going to see "Deep Throat." It wasn't a very good movie, but people wanted to see it. I guess part of it was Linda had, you know, had kind of a sweet look to her. She was a filthy little whore, but she had a sweet look to her. I really just love the whole idea that she has with the whole thing. I just went blah, blah, blah in my head. And I'm like blah, blah, blah. My first blow-job, and I'm looking everybody in the eye, - 'cause there's like 30 people on the set. Welcome to my blow-job. Welcome to my blow-job. Is this cool? I did ten films with Veronica Hart. And then we were talking about our parents, - and my father worked out at the test site out in Nevada. What a nice thing, your father makes bombs. How nice. I came down hard on her. I said your father's a murderer. All of a sudden, R. Bolla was saying- - that my dad was the cause of everything wrong in the world. I saw that she was hurt, so I told her I was sorry. I really did. I said I'm really sorry that I hate your father. No. Well done. I know who I fucked and when I fucked 'em. No, I burped. I burped. Here's a little tidbit about Ron. And Ron is desperate to be in mainstream movies. And I think to his detriment he has become, through his own doing, - too famous to be taken seriously as an actor the way he would like to be. So you just see Ron Jeremy you go, oh, it's Ron Jeremy. You don't see Ron Jeremy playing like the office guy- - or Ron Jeremy playing the attorney. It's like Ron Jeremy playing the attorney. The only way to actually to be the king of porn is like to, uh, kill Ron Jeremy. Just smack it. Excellent. Actually, I would like to do that again. Let's slate again please.