foodval.com - stop by if you're interested in the nutritional composition of food --- SHAW BROTHERS PRESENT Subtitles Realized By: Willy38 - ASIAMANIA THE CRIMINALS 5 - THE TEENAGER'S NIGHTMARE Hey My turn Don't run! Over there... Don't run! Stand still! Chase him Don't run! Where is he? Over there, chase him Here Brother Sum What? Look down there Go to hell... Mind your own business, let's go Yes The package is gone I seem to have seen it being thrown there Let's search for it Go down Dead He threw a package over there Go and look It's here What is it? Open it up Search over there Okay, I'll go over there I'll go over there Go Thanks I'll come over to your place later Okay I've made some soup for you You should be more affable with your son He is our son after all You're here Just a while How are things with you, Ah Fun? It's arranged, uncle introduce me to work in the restaurant Where is it? Jin Bik restaurant at Kimberly Road 600 a month and includes food plus lodging Nice. Guess we wouldn't need to pay when we eat there Brother Sum, you should get a job too Last time someone referred you to work in a garage you said they looked down on you It's best you learned a trade and support yourself set up business and do your best You'll be your own boss It's better than collecting scrap metal like you're doing now I don't understand why I have to fix cars while others own cars But don't worry poor kids know how to take care of themselves I have to work in the morning It's finished Ah Fun It's okay Bullet Grenade Clip Gun Gun? Assemble it GUN No, wait Okay Strange, why it doesn't work? Let's go Don't forget the grenade I know how to use it When I pull this pin out it will explode You say that when you pull this out it will go off? Certainly Hey, throw it, it's going to explode Fool, as long as I hold on to it this won't spring up And as long as it doesn't it won't blow Now I put it back in and this piece won't spring up so it won't go off I see, that's easy It should blow in 5 seconds Let's go Hi You scoundrels Forget it What's the big deal with the bike Don't move! Come over I said come here Slap him Strike! Use more strenght! Strike! Strike! Kneel down Kneel down Take it Let's go quickly Oh, the safety lock is here Go! Catch How is it? Sir We found some shells on the ground So... Look Shells for submachine gun Check the records and see if there's any weapons missing in the army Yes Sir, the 3 men are dead Was it a gang fight? Unlikely So... Hey, come here Let's go Quick Over there, chase Stop Don't move! Chase them Gun Spring Clip Catch This is outrageous How dare he challenge the police! " New challenge everyday adds spice to life " Who's the other one? He Keung, an orphan he's always with Chan Sum Any other leads? He has a girlfriend, Ah Fun who works in a restaurant Coffee Tea A piece of cake please " Come out quickly " Stand in for me for a while I've got some business to take care of Alright Screwed up real bad and you still stand here? Ah Sum can't go back He can't go back and I have no place to stay I think you shouldn't go back to the restaurant either Let's flee together No I dare not 2 beers Three Brother Sum, we got a room you can't keep hiding here When would all this end? As matters have come to this let's leave everything to fate I think you should go back or things would get worse Then you won't be able to go back at all If not about yourself, think for me at least! Ah Fun, you convince him to turn himself in Alright, I killed that man now the matter has gone out of hands You two walk through it what's going to happen to me? I think I'd better go so as not to be a pain in the ass Come back! You are a simpleton I have not planned to go back at all You... We have to get out of here Easier said than done, what about the money? We could get it any time Right, we'll pull a big job sooner or later What could I do after you're gone? You could come with us Ah Fun, we all know only too well what sort of life you've been leading these years Don't you aspire for a better life? We could change our fate with it Of course there's no guarantee if it's good or bad Ah Fun, it's up to you whether to stay or go Don't move, everyone stand on one side Take this Go over there Go over Don't move Go over there Stand over there Don't move Don't move Don't move Don't move Don't move Let's go Don't move Is there any development on the Fortune Bank Robbery case? Detective, my son has sent me a letter What does he say? Look It's an important case, our head says no matter what... Ah Bing I'll come out in a while Detective There's a lead Chan Sum wants to flee, check out Ah Chat's gang Okay Any information from his girlfriend? No Uncle Chat, she's here Please go in Have you brought the money? Half. The other half after we've boarded the boat Where is he now? It's none of your business How do I get in touch with him? I'll look for you The boat will come in any time Where do I look for them then? Why don't you give me the address Come on, jot it down What are you doing? I told you before I don't know anything They are carrying guns and grenades and would cause big trouble soon enough We'll sure find them whether you tell us or not This way... what you're doing is not love, but harming him Ah Fun, where's Ah Sum? Brother Sum, it's done Why isn't Ah Fun back yet? Bread everyday I'm going downstairs for some noodles Careful Give me the grenade There are many people here, don't shoot Drive on A bowl of noodles please Alright Hurry Boss, fish ball noodles please A bowl of fish ball noodles Boss, noodles Stop! Don't run! Halt! Don't move! Stand still! Don't move Go... Make way... Don't move Go... Go up No, I won't Get the special forces No, let me go... I want to go alone, don't follow me Alright " Out of service " Miss Who is it? It's me Ah Fun, how is it? " Elevator Repairs " I saw uncle and aunty today There's something I need to talk to you about Don't move... Don't move... Let go! Wait, step back! Go away! Go! Brother Sum Get out, all of you Get out! Get Ah Keung here! Get Ah Keung here! Brother Sum! Get Ah Keung here! Sure Gun Get me the gun... Get the gun Bring it here! Put it on the ground Quick Get out Brother Sum None of your business You two get out Get out Don't come near Go... Ah Keung, let's fight with them... Brother Sum, be careful Don't move... Go quickly Get lost! THE TEENAGER'S NIGHTMARE Producted By: RUNME SHAW Starring KU KUAN-CHUNG Screenplay By: SZU-TU AN YEN NAN-HSIANG Music: CHEN YUNG-YU Cinematography: MA CHIN-HSING Assistant Producer: WEN PO-NAN Asst. Director: WEN YAO-HUA Director: KUEI CHIH HUNG What the hell's the matter? Shovel the tiles I'm going to take a bath " Ladies bathroom " Quiet or I'll kill you Kneel down Bring up your ass I've got the tiles I need Thirty two each I got a big hand too Pay up Get the money Why have you taken so long? Don't you need to go to school tomorrow? It's time for bed If I don't win I'll beat you up Hurry Why is your daughter crying so badly? Help me stack the tiles What's the matter? Your crying brings me bad luck If you don't stop I'll wallop you So inhuman What's the matter? Who could be so cruel? What's the matter? Call the police... When did you take a bath last night? Speak, damn girl About ten I can't remember How old are you? Thirteen How did he rape you? He... My daughter was raped just last night Please don't make her go through that experience again Madam, taking her deposition is a matter of procedure Don't be afraid, how did it happen? He... used a knife he asked me to shut up or he'd kill me What happened then? He asked me to turn and face the wall and kneel down, then he took off his pants Then... Then what? He pressed against my back He pressed against your back, right? Then what? I felt something enter me How did your private part feel? Painful... Did you have a good look at his face? No? He wore sunglasses so I couldn't see him clearly Did you see anything else? His hands were ugly How so? They were white, like having a skin disease Oh, my poor girl He might have had venereal disease Damn... Madam, don't make trouble here or I'll charge you with obstruction of justice I am here to report a case, can't I even speak? What's the big deal? After the incident did you change your clothes or take a bath? After I called you appeared She hasn't had any time to change or wash Did you think this was a wedding ceremony? Sign here You take off your clothes they'd need to be examined by Forensics later 6428, escort her to take off her clothes Wait, if you do that she'll be naked Go home and get her some clothes she has to go to hospital later for a check up What? More check up? Go out Had I know there'd be so much trouble I wouldn't come my daughter is a rape victim and I get so much trouble I wouldn't come again next time Sir How is it? Just like the previous cases Really? Yes Don't be scared, it'll be alright Relax I am scared It'll be alright soon Don't Her hymen has a new lesion which forms a nine-o'clock shape there is semen in there Dear viewers the rapist that is prowling Shek Kip Mei and Wang Tai Sin struck again last night This is the crime scene we can see the poor condition of the bathroom Hygiene conditions are appalling Over half of Hong Kong's population probably live in such conditions Should the authorities be improving such conditions? Dear viewers Let's interview the victim Madam... please... If you do this how could my daughter ever marry? you should be concerned about her feelings Get lost Madam... Sometimes we can't get an interview Sergeant, what's happening with the case? It's the fifth one Hey... I asked you to look into this man have you done so? Your task force has been established three months there is no progress at all Sir, I know what I'm doing I've greyed my hair being a policeman Many cases cannot be dealt with simply going by the book I don't care what methods tou use, just hurry Sergeant Please make sure not to eat garlic when on duty, okay? Right on You're back? Yes Dad There's food in the kitchen, please help yourself Okay Turn down the TV Your mahjong game is so noisy I can't hear a thing Switch it off Dad, I've got full marks for maths Great Dad, has the rapist been caught? Why are you asking these questions? I am a girl, if he is not caught I dare not go out I'll catch him soon I'll show you my skill You've dialled wrong number I can play it too I haven't eaten Let dad have dinner first Show me later again after I've had dinner Come on, be good, watch TV Cold left overs Sir, where are you going at this late hour? To look for a friend Girl loves boy boy loves girl they pledge their love If you make a sound you'll die You're in luck Count from 1 to 50 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6... 11, 12, 13, 14... 15, 16... Rapist Catch him, quick Catch the pervert He's over there Don't run Sir, what happened? Did you see a man run past? No What's up? Someone screamed rape Rape? I'll call the headquarters to send more police here It's useless, the place is too big to catch him Let's see upstairs Excuse me... Open up Who is it? The police What's up? I want to ask you a question Did someone molest you? No But you screamed I said no If you don't cooperate we could charge you Sir, my wife has politely refused It's no use forcing her Let's go Sir, why did that woman refuse to talk? According to our current procedures for reporting a rape case if you were raped, would you report it? Are you alright? Yes But I don't understand why he suddenly ran away even when he had the chance to molest me Did someone come in? No Really? This is crazy Lucky for him, it's so leisurely guarding the reservoir Officer Liang is comming Sir Please be quiet According to the evidence at the crime scene and the victim's deposition the rape cases that occured in Wong Tai Sin and Wang Tau Hom were committed by the same rapist Li Tat, please share with all our plan Colleagues our plan is to deploy our lady colleagues under cover to each of those districts and lure the offender in the lady bathrooms and toilets How many in each team then? One two female officers with two male officers The female officers will be the bait while the male officers will support under disguise Sir, do we have to strip while bathing? Of course If you don't want to strip, you can go to the toilet Officer Li, I don't think you need me Why? Take a look at me I have no sex appeal I might even scare him away Maybe the rapist is a pervert and likes flat chested females Right, you'll then have a good time Go to hell Alright, quiet... Make your own teams We checked out that man at CRD He has no prior offences Would this method be effective? As you said We might get lucky " Wong Tai Sin temple " Why are you back so soon? How could you lure the rapist? Soon? I've bathed over ten times Then you had it good and you are totally clean You go ahead and wash yourself if you want We've been asked to catch the rapist I'll go if he is a gay fellow What? After all these years with you I never knew you have this interest Feels good It really stinks Why are you back in less than two minutes? The toilet stinks and I've never seen such filth Hey, you should go What? Again? If I keep on like this, my skin will come off If you don't want to go you can swap with 426 She takes a bath and you go to the toilet Toilet? Forget it I'd rather go take a bath than to the toilet It stinks, watch us You have to go I don't have the urge Then pretend " Ladies Toilet " Don't move or I'll shoot you Hey, I am your colleague From which division? 5354, special task force There's no such unit Yes, there is You've beaten me so badly help me up Look at that thing behind me What happened? He says he's a colleague 5354, why are you here? Officer Liang asked you to guard the second floor I just came up to have a look Hey, be alert Don't worry " Ladies Bathroom " What's the matter? Look What? Rats What to be scared of... Don't be scared Hey, you're taking advantage of me Being a police officer, how come you're scared of rats? Aren't we human beings too? Watch closely Okay Check Oh, it's a man Pervert Pervert? Don't run Pervert, don't let him get away Quick, catch him Don't run Bastard, stand still Catch him... Over there... Don't move! Stand still! Don't move Don't move! Bastard Hands up, turn around, face the wall Bastard, what are you doing in a ladies' bathroom? I didn't do anything Did you want to rape someone? Search him Turn around, hands up Make way please... Bastard, how dare you steal my underwear What are you doing with ladies' underwear? I... Let me tell you I am already an old woman do you still want to... Granny, I didn't molest you You steal my underwear, you could molest me too Granny, which one is yours? This one Granny, you are so great, at your age you still wear such fancy underwear What's so surprising? If your mom weren't wearing this sort of underwear how could she have had you, idiot A pity she didn't appear in " Enjoy yourself tonight " Are you responsible for the crime committed at Wong Tai Sin, Wang Tau Hom? Sir, I didn't do it, I swear I just stole ladies underwear You can come home with me if you don't believe Sir, don't listen to him Punch him and he'll tell the truth Wait, don't hit him Don't you know that according to survey we police are the second most unwelcome people We needn't compete with these scums for the first place I agree Come on Which one? Bring him in Is it here? Stand aside It stinks Turn on the lights Damn it Retreat God damn it Hey how many ladies underwear are here altogether? What are you doing with them? Sir, I have to count them everyday Bastard, you really are something I'll be retiring soon and you still bring me a hard time We'll bring you back to the police station and give you a gift No Hurry, go Rotten luck... What are you tearing? I bought Mark Six ( lottery ) last night So why are you tearing it up? I'll definitely lose since being crossed by women's underwear You'll have rotten luck for a while Don't be so happy, you've been crossed too Looks like the case is dying down Besides, the lady officers are scared of more bathing Here Maybe we could send them back here What do you want? Coffee Coke Also, if those lady officers keep taking bath like this The Water Authority may charge us for wasting water You and I may be transferred to guard the reservoir Send half back Alright Call me when you have time Alright, 'bye I'm sorry, I didn't do it on purpose Let me help you I am so sorry Thank you Go, hurry, go What are you doing? How come is hands are so white Looks like skin disease Hey... he's gone Gone? Why? Hurry and go, stop looking What's there to look at? The one who was wearing sun glasses may be the pervert who was referred to in the news Do you think that all who wear sunglasses are perverts If this is the case, we can't even go out Stop talking, let's go You almost hit me Damn girl, can't you walk with your eyes open What's the hurry? Going after a man? If you are old enough, I'll go after you What's with you today? You scared me He's wearing sunglasses too I thought he was also a pervert Let's go, hurry Goodbye Don't go, stay with me for a while Scared of the pervert who wears sunglasses I can't, I'm hurrying home Please No Please, alright? Okay, I'll just walk with you till the end of the steps No guts at all I'll accompany you just because we are old friends I'm really so scared today Hurry, see how long the steps are I'll buy you a soft drink tomorrow It's good enough to walk these steps with you Alright, I'll go get the bus Walk with me for a while No Relax, it's unlikely you'll run into the pervert Goodbye What happened? Let's go and have a look What happened? Are you alright? Yes Hurry and go home then Listen carefully, don't scream or I'll kill you Take off your school uniform Hurry and take it off Damn it Crouch down Over there, hurry Back off a bit... Hurry Make way... there's nothing to look at Be careful... Watch the cars It's a girl It's so scary His hands are white Sergeant, did you find out about anything? The girl is shocked, no findings yet She just mentioned that his hands were white, so scary Look like it's the same pervert That's right, he's smart We guarded the bathrooms and toilets and he came to the schools What do we do with the guy who stole underwear? Charge him with misconduct Hi everyone, here is the evening news The pervert who committed rape at Shek Kip Mei Wang Tau Hom, Wong Tai Sin a few months ago appeared again in the vicinity of Saint Betty School, Clearwater Bay Road Now please view the live report from our reporter at the scene Dear viewers, we are now at Saint Betty School at Clearwater Bay Road where the rapist struck again The victim this time is a fifteen year old student from Saint Betty School Stop shooting... When the incident occurred school was just finishing When the victim parted with another school mate she was dragged into the woods by the offender and raped behind a government pipe room It's this year's seventh rape case I will now interview sergeant Liang who is in charge of investigation in this case sergeant According to police records this is the seventh rape case this year what are the police doing to capture the rapist? We will increase patrolling policemen around schools but since there are many female students and we are short on man power we have to remind schools and parents to be on the alert Their children should go home immediately after school and shouldn't loiter Peak Rd. Oh, it's so hot It's tiring Let's go and have a drink Okay, let's go and have a drink then Bye Bye See you tomorrow Help! Help!... Got you Help! Stop screaming Wang Tai Sin CID Brother Pui, your phone I'll settle this case What's up? Again? Yes He's now changed his location to the peak Sergeant, it's big trouble this time I know, another case at the peak There's something else you don't know The victim is the daughter of the police commissioner Sergeant, this time you'll be directly accountable to the commissioner Don't use the commissioner to pressure me aren't all the others human beings? Don't force me As things stand right now I can do nothing even if it were the Governor's daughter Sergeant, I warn you if you don't solve this case you lot will be transferred to the reservoir Go and check at CRD if this man has prior criminal record? You... No need to say anything, I haven't had garlic today Damn, I hate him so much You shouldn't have such attitude for your superior What's the concern? I am retiring soon Get the information quickly Our boss is really pushing his luck Sir What is it? Evidence from the crime scene Tennis racket and magazines Are they the caucasian girl's? Yes Any finger prints? Yes But he has no criminal record so we have no information on his background Was the magazine torn like this when you picked it up? Yes Maybe he was just playing Get a copy of the same magazine at once Yes Tear off only those with big breasts, not the small Do you remember the ages of the victims? There were 2 fourteen year old girls and 2 fifteen year old The recent ones were below sixteen Strange coincidence indeed All the victim's ages were below sixteen He only likes girls with small breasts Right, brother Pui? I think so too Apart from Central area where could one get it? There are many such shops in the T.S.T. tourist area Send some men to stake out Yes Sir, so many people buy pornography who should we look out for? Look for someone whose hands are white with skin disease Get a few more men to central to canvass book stores selling foreign magazines Monitor men buying pornography Fatty chan Take a few men to Tsim Sha Tsui Give me copy of Sing Tao newspaper He'll not appear, you'd better go Here are two dollars, I'll select another book Wait, let me see You tore up the ones last time How could I sell them? Alright, take your pick Going? You go first These books are no goods for youngsters If you have the urge 20 odd bucks at Temple Street will surely satisfy it Sir, look at that man's hands I'll take it then Don't tear them up again Boss, that man's hands seem to have a skin disease aren't you concerned he might contaminate your books? He doesn't have skin disease he is a shampoo boy whose hands have been corroded So he is a shampoo boy I think it is him No wonder all victims say his hands are horrible His hands have been corroded by shampoo Let's catch him and beat a confession out of him Be patient, white hands and a reader of pornography do not necessarily make him a rapist We must get evidence from the crime scene If they don't have that he'll get of easily Did you know that, of the 80 cases last year and the 32 in which the rapists were caught how many convictions were there? Almost half Right This is because our law against rape has loopholes causing psychological and emotional trauma and shame to the victims Then they have to endure unbearable questions from the defendant's lawyer So in this case I must get enough evidence first How do you intend to draw him out? Dad, why are you staring at me? I have a favour to ask What is it? Are you winning or losing? I've won 18 rounds So awesome I've lost over 10 rounds Please make me more beautiful I like his movies So do I Your trade is quite challenging Make me beautiful Don't worry I'll be going to a party with my boyfriend You are experienced Ah Choi Go to the movies with me after work, okay? Okay? Rinsing please Sweet heart Mom I've bought you a present Thank you Do your homework Mom loves me and buys me toys It's beautiful It's really beautiful It's mine, ask your mom to buy your own Mom, he broke my doll on purpose Damn kid, you detest me for being your step mother? You are always against me Stop beating, let it be When I married you I said I won't live with this kid he's always against me Go away Damn kid, I'll beat you if it's the last thing I do You're always against me Ah Choi, what are you doing inside? Come out Hey, Ah Choi A lady customer awaits you to give her a shampoo Lousy staff who don't put their heart into their work Boss, hurry I am late for a banquet Yes Wash her hair Your business is doing well It's okay It's him Where? The one in the mirror I'm scared Why? You're Junior Police Call? Well, now I wish I weren't You promised your dad Remember to tell him where you live He's coming Missie, need a shampoo? Yes Say it, hurry Set this side please Gently, alright? I'm sorry Thanks Have I met you before? Just kidding You stay upstairs in the same building I live, right? Where do you live? Wong Tai Sin, Block 12, 3rd floor Wong Tai Sin, Block 12, 3rd floor? No, I haven't been there before Really? I do somehow remember seeing you before I can't remember where though Rinsing, please Without further orders, we can't show ourselves He's cunning Brother Pui, are you certain that he will show up? Not really He might if he's the one If he doesn't turn up, then he's not the pervert That's right Aren't you going for a bath? Don't be scared Take this microphone with you In case something happens, I'll be there right away I'm still scared, dad Don't be scared Hurry, go for a bath Hurry, don't be scared I'd better not go Don't be scared, I'll be there immediately Don't be scared, hurry Keep quiet Hey... You damn bastard, listening to the radio here don't blame me if you get wet Hello, kid Hello Bitch, how dare you seduce me at the hair salon I didn't I'll rape you and then kill you Squat down Get up Go downstairs, follow me Are you blind? Surround him Bitch, how dare you find someone to arrest me I won't let you get away so easily What's happening? Damn, my daughter has been bitten by rats Send them to the hospital immediately I told you to keep a close watch on your sister Don't just play mahjong all day, go My plan has been ruined ask everyone to go back Yes, Brother Pui Kid Tell them to block all exits Search everywhere Don't shout Don't let him run away... Dad, help me... Don't move Don't move, let me go or I'll kill your daughter Brother Pui, don't force him too hard Back off Dad, help me Don't move, or I'll kill her Dad, help me Don't shout Dad, help me Arrest him You damn pervert... Get out of the way... Out of the way, nothing here for you to see Back off everyone Brother Pui, what prompted you to put your daughter at risk? Do you want to know? I did this for my daughter and other victims of rape who don't dare report their case THE END Subtitles Realized By : Willy38 - ASIAMANIA