foodval.com - stop by if you're interested in the nutritional composition of food --- Bow to your parents, to each other... Xiao Yun-yu Can I leave now? Soon, when you get well Who says I'm sick? I'm fine You must meet with the dean Are you ready? Yes, here's my biography My name is Wang Zhi-he People around Tianjin have heard of my preserved bean curd Yes, that's what I sell Of course I'm not the old Wang Zhi-he But to increase business I borrowed the name I run a family business without any outside help Unless we have special orders Me and my wife handle the entire business Before my son found ajob at the factory he used to help around the shop We try to keep it within the family We soak the beans, make the bean curd from processing to packaging to delivery Everyday after delivery I'll swing by the factory to pick up my son I don't have high hopes for him except for him to get married He doesn't gamble, smoke or drink He's a good son I'm not bragging either He's really good Too bad, the good days didn't last One day, an old friend dropped in on us He brought disaster India used to be called Tianzhu where Xuanzang brought back the Buddhist scriptures Have a drink... Xiao Bao, a toast... Say, Mr. Hu... Did you find any scriptures in India? No scriptures but I've been to many places Allegedly, Sakyamuni that's Buddha to most people Indians call him Siddhartha Gautama He attained enlightenment under the bodhi tree I've seen that tree Bodhi tree? I thought it doesn't exist It does There's a temple to the east of the tree that contains Buddha's foot prints Where Buddha has walked through lotus flowers will grow Drink up... Lotus grow from Buddha's feet Your hands only make preserved bean curd Don't interrupt... You mentioned in your letter You found a treasure in Weisha? It's a not a treasure, it's a curse Why? I guess it was my fault When I arrived in Weisha where Buddha did his paintings 2 monkeys gave him a bowl of honey Buddha had a bowl of honey I had 3 Monkeys According to an old monk the 3 Monkeys were cursed It can be passed on to 3 people Each can make 3 wishes They can ask for anything they want Really? Was it efficacious? Of course You don't know the 3 Monkeys? Speak no evil Hear no evil and see no evil He's talking about the classic stories Just pay attention It's the truth Did you try it? Yes, very efficacious I'm the second generation My predecessor was an Indian All 3 wishes came true How did you get it? You think it's a good thing? The old monk told don't ask for more than you deserve Make 3 wishes if you don't believe me My predecessor made 2 wishes and they both came true That's good! Good? He lost his entire fortune So he made his third wish hoping to die within 3 days What happened? He died Otherwise This thing won't be mine You made 3 wishes too? You look fine to me Fine? I almost died What? What happened? I dared not ask for anything big I wanted something small That should be alright Not for my wife I got myself a 18-year-old mistress You sly old fox How can your wife stand it? She couldn't! That's why I was in trouble Right! You must separate them Haven't you heard? Wear small shoes, you'll be in pain for a day Get a mistress, you'll be in pain for life It doesn't take that long In only a month, my wife raised hell My mistress threatened to kill herself They fought every day I had no peace So I made my second wish To get rid of the mistress? No, I couldn't part with her I asked for 2 words What? Peace and quiet Did you get it? Yes! My mistress eloped with her cousin and took all the money and jewelry My wife ended up in the mental hospital Now I'm all alone Dogs don't bark, birds don't sing Quiet like a cemetery Really! You had it made But you made a mess How can you be such a fool? What was your third wish? To come back to Hong Kong and tell you my story In front of you all... What? Throw this away! What are you doing? Let me have it Xiao Bao... what a brat! Look at you two! What? If uncle Hu doesn't want it, I do You? Who do you think you are? Uncle is second, now I'm third What about me? Oh! What? I'm third, you're only fourth That story you told us Did you read it from a book or was it hearsay? Story? It's true Don't treat it like a fairy tale! Whatever... How do you make your wish? Put your palms together, kneel down Say your wish out loud Ask for whatever I want just like that? You want a mistress too? In your dreams! Get more wine... I wish I had 8 hands I'm so busy everyday cooking, washing, making bean curd Cutting them up and packing them And listen to your bad jokes This is not ajoke I don't object to you wearing it like that But this is serious If anything bad should happen Don't hold me responsible Don't look so serious Hold you responsible for what? Xiao Bao, get us more wine! No, I had enough! I should go I'm meeting a friend at 10:30 It's still early Just a bit more... Zhi-he... what are you doing? Why are you still up? I'm going to bed What are you doing? What can I do? That's what I want to know! I want to... I can't do anything! I know Dad's first wish is to be the chairman Nonsense! What chairman? Chairman of henpecked husbands Watch your manners! What do you wish for? You want a mistress? Of course not! I had enough of you I'm thinking of our shop They're tearing it down to build the subway The compensation from the government is not much I need $20,000 to buy a new shop I want to ask the 3 Monkeys for a mere $20,000 Just $20,000 You believe it? It won't hurt I'd rather believe it We have nothing to lose If it came true, we're in luck Let's give it a try Go ahead, I want to see if it works Dad, let me try Try what? Don't hit him on the head! I'll try... This is Wang Zhi-he For my first wish, I want $20,000 Well? Dad! Are you alright? Well? Are you alright? Dad... It's so odd... What happened? Don't scare me! Get some rest! How can... What happened? It moved! Moved? It jumped in my hands What? Is it moving now? No! Not when I shook it No? I think it's in your mind No... definitely not! It's not in my mind It started tojump right after I made my wish Like my hands were struck with lightning They stuck together and won't come apart Really? Of course! We'll get $20,000? Where's the money from? I get it What? Go to bed Where is the money from! You'll dream when you fall asleep and you'll see the money Money in a dream, remember that song? Where is the money from? It's from your dreams Don't talk nonsense! Look at you! Alright... move away Come on! Can I help you? Are you Mrs. Wang? Yes! You are... Who is it? Who are you? My name is Qin Zhen-he I'm the personnel manager at the steel factory You must be Mr. Wang Zhi-he Yes, I am Is something the matter, Mr. Qin? There is something... What is it? It's about your son What about him? Well... Let's go inside Yes! Please! "Qin Zhen-he" Thank you Is Xiao Bao in trouble? No, he's a good worker Honest and hard working Everyone likes him But... What is it, Mr. Qin? He seemed a bit odd today He talked to himself and started to hum a song He kept singing the same line Where is the money from? It's from your dreams Where is the money from? It's from your dreams Help! Hurry! What happened afterwards? By the time we drained the sulfuric acid Xiao Bao was burnt beyond recognition The Director sent me to report this tragic incident He also instructed me to give you what Xiao Bao should get from insurance How much? $15000 The other workers chipped in also as a token of our sympathy, it amounts to... $20,000! Am I right? Yes, it amounts to $20,000 This is the money you want! In exchange for my son's life! I want my son! I don't want the money! I don't want the money! I want my son back! What are you doing? Xiao Bao! Stop! Where are you going? Shut up! Bow... Greetings from the family Bid farewell to the deceased Let me go... Don't look... Why not? Just don't I must! This is Xiao Bao? You're lying! This is not him! Don't look... Don't do this! Don't do this! No! Fine! Might as well You make the second wish for me Once is enough! No! I want you to make another wish What do you want? I want my son back! You're dreaming! I'm dreaming? When I was young I had wonderful dreams After I married you and had Xiao Bao I dream less and less and wish for less and less Until the only thing I wish for is for my son to grow up get married and have kids That's all I wanted But you took that away from me! Now I want my son back! Make your wish! Tell them to bring him back! Do it yourself! Stop. You started this! Make the wish now! Make your second wish Bring my son back... Say it! I want my son back! Say it! I want my son back! I want my son back! Mom... Listen! What? Can't you hear? Listen carefully... What? Xiao Bao is back! You're exhausted! Go to bed Mom, open the door... Is that you, Xiao Bao? Yes, open up! I'm getting all wet in the rain! Hurry up! Coming! Where are you going in this rain? Coming! Fang! Stop... Where are you going? Watch out! Fang... My third wish... I don't want anything My third wish... I want nothing... Fang... I'm fine But these lunatics think I'm crazy Xiao Bao! Your mother is waiting... It's you! I know you You love to row boats That's what got me in trouble They called the Police on me "To Blue Lake" What happened? Where? Over by Blue Lake Move aside... 2 men This one is dead for over 2 hours Over 2 hours? What about him? Complications with his heart Take him to the hospital at once! Sir, personal effects of the deceased "Lin Kun-quan" Step aside... Wait! This is not a drowning accident Alert the hospital Before we get to the bottom of this case No one is allowed to claim the body The survivor is my regular customer His name is Jiang. As long as it doesn't rain He'd come here and row a boat He's a pleasant fellow who likes to drink Anything wrong? No! Do you know Lin Kun-quan? No! Never seen him before I saw him last night for the first time around 11p.m. They made a racket running around I didn't know who it was So I came outside to look and found out it's them They were drunk when they got in the boat Wait for me! They must have had a lot to drink I waited for them till 3 a.m. Then their bodies floated ashore next morning The boat was tied up Send this to headquarters According to the data Get a sketch of the suspect's hand print Yes, sir! You think Jiang Tao tried to kill Lin Kun-quan? That's impossible... I know them It's only speculation Even if Jiang Tao wanted to kill Lin Kun-quan He wouldn't pick Blue Lake Why? He would never go there unless he was kidnapped Can you explain that, Mrs. Lin? Preliminary report shows that Lin did not drown He was strangled You have proof? There were marks on his neck Kun-quan! Calm down "A pair of lovers died for love at Blue Lake" Maybe I pushed him too far This is your only reason If I marry this rich girl Father will get the position he covets and I'll be guaranteed ajob for life What's wrong with that? We had enough of being poor This house is all we have left Mother! Listen to me! All I'm asking of you is for you and your father to run the business properly Earn some money and pay off the debts What can I say to Meng Wei? Tell her the truth She'll understand Kun-quan, what I am doing may be wrong by modern standards But being a filial son is never wrong But Mother... Whether or not you're lucky depends on whether you can grab the chance This marriage is a done deal Just get rid of Meng Wei After that fight Kun-quan didn't come home for days Soon we heard about his suicide attempt with Miss Meng at Blue Lake It was the night of August 15 Thank God Kun-quan was a good swimmer He was rescued Where am I? Why am I here? This is a hospital How did I get here? You were in a coma for 2 days 2 days ago you and Lin Kun-quan had an accident at Blue Lake How is he? He's dead It was my fault Where's the girl? A girl? What girl? They're with the Police You haven't seen a girl? No! Just the two of you There was no one else Is she a ghost? A ghost? It's alright! Tell us what you know Fine! I'm a quiet type I don't have a girlfriend and I like to drink After I drink I like to go to the Blue Lake late at night and row a boat During the day people boss me around At night, I'm the boss The boat takes me where I want to go I'm in charge I can stop whenever I want When the other boats are gone, Blue Lake belongs to me The whole world belongs to me One night, I realized I wasn't alone You're swimming at this hour? You scared me You're rowing at this hour too It's cold! Come up for a chat I can't Why? I'm naked I'm fine Did you drop this? Thanks! You come here often? What about you? No, except... Except when it rains; you come here quite often How do you know? I'm here every night even on rainy days Since we have a common interest Why don't we make it a date? We'll meet here every night No! Why? Are you afraid? Afraid of what? That I could be a bad guy? Oh, I know You're afraid of ghosts What ghosts? The owner of this boat warned me not to come here because the water is deep And usually late at night people would jump off from this rock and kill themselves Do I look like a ghost? Of course! In what way? You speak Cantonese? They say pretty and smart like a ghost or naughty like a ghost I won't die even if I want to commit suicide Because everyone has sympathy Someone will save me I don't care Don't judge a book by its cover What are you doing? Don't be mad! Sit down! I was only joking Thanks for your coat! I have to go Miss, your bracelet! Miss... Did you ever see her again? Wait... Do you believe me? Just keep talking, I told you Tell it like it is and we'll decide The next day, I went there again As soon as it gets dark... See no evil Okay! You scared me! You're a coward! I was talking about last night You think I tried to kill myself? You disappeared after you jump in the water How can I not worry? You dropped the bracelet I already fixed it This is worthless Keep it as a memento I can't Why not? We're not getting engaged It's just a memento Take it! I'm not as stuffy as you think Very well, I'll take it. Thanks Why do you care about me? I care about a life For example my classmate Lin Kun-quan Who? You know him? No, but I have heard of the name I think he was a swimmer Yes, 4-time provincial champion What about him? He tried to commit suicide Right here What made him do it? Back then he was in love with hooker His mother objected So they tried to kill themselves Hookers are not all bad But that's a common misconception of all parents I think the problem lies with Lin Kun-quan He must have tricked the poor woman just to get rid of her Kun-quan is not like that Anyway, that was 2 years ago Why bring it up? What was the girl's name? Meng Wei You know her? No, we have never met Can you bring Ling Kun-quan here? I want to meet him And listen to his version of the story After that suicide attempt He vowed never to set foot in Blue Lake Why? Perhaps the place is haunted I bet he has a guilty conscience If Blue Lake is haunted I'll bring him a ghost If he has a guilt conscience Let the ghost see him You have a deal! Mr. Lin, telephone! Hello! Who is it? Jiang Tao! Long time no see! You can tell me over the phone Dinner? Alright, I'll be there! Bye! Here... Almost 10 o'clock Where did you say the girl was? You can't wait? Be patient! A bit of fresh air is good... drink up I'll do as you say I'm not coming home tonight... Be careful! A bit of fresh air after a drink I'm getting light-footed You haven't experienced this? I should come out more often Where are we? You're really drunk Nonsense! Not with half a bottle of Kaoliang Don't think you can fool me Tell me! Where do you think we are? Where are we? Tell me! Silver Bridge You're really drunk! This is Blue Lake Blue Lake? Yes, remember Blue Lake? I can't be here You're still thinking about that? It's late, I must go home Let me go! No, go meet the pretty girl She admires you She wants to meet you, the famous manager What are you afraid of? I swore never to come here again Let me go! Wait! It's me! Mr. Jiang... I'm taking a friend on the lake I'll pay you tomorrow... wait up! It's not the money! Be careful! Still thinking about the past? You should let it go What's with you? Say something! He's reminiscing, leave him alone! This is Lin Kun-quan Remember me, Mr. Lin? Can you hear? I think you must have gotten involved with Miss Meng and wanted to be a filial son So you came up with that suicide scam to get rid of Meng Wei What's going on? Do you know each other? We had an intimate relationship You are... Meng Wei You're alive? I'm dead, but I cannot rest I've been waiting for him Shit! Sit down, Mr. Jiang I won't hurt you What do you plan to do? I want him to tell me why I'm dead and he's alive! Tell me Do you have regrets? And you? If we can't be together alive, we'll die together What's there to be sorry for? Yes, we'll die together We'll be bound to each other The drugs will take effect in 30 minutes That'll give us time to reach the bridge You hear that? That's his master plan You must forgive me, Meng Wei I had no choice You must forgive me, Meng Wei I died for nothing You expect me to forgive you? Help me, Jiang Tao Miss Meng, let bygones be bygones He told the truth You once loved each other Let him go! Why didn't he let me go? I'm begging you, Meng Wei I want you dead! Let go of me! Let go of me! That's the truth I did not lie The bracelet is evidence I knew you won't believe me Mr. Jiang, whether the story is real or not We only care about one thing From a legal point of view You're the last person to see Lin Kun-quan alive You're somehow liable for his death What? You think I killed Lin Kun-quan? Calm down! You're kidding! I already told you there was a woman Don't get excited! The law is fair The innocent will go free We will come to the bottom of this Inspector Tian Can you identify the woman? It's her! Hurry! That's odd! Meng Wei drowned at Blue Lake over 2 years ago Sit side by side Ghosts? They don't exist Nonsense! That's only for the novels and movies There are no ghosts! No? Says who? Damn! Old Da-zhi is a tomb raider No, you are! Dinner... That's Xiao Yun-yu Her husband killed her It's her! She can't deny it! She was famous back then Made the headlines when she died "Xiao Yun-yu has passed away" Xiao Da-zhi! What does it say? Aphrodisiac! They say Spanish villas are nice Are the Spanish flies nice to eat? Xiao Yun-yu used to be a whore She was among the queens of Si-xi Garden She was born Xiao Yun-yu But she has many nicknames People also call her Enchanting Yu Last month she married Kao Tai-zhang tall and too long, was ajinx to her He's too long and she died young What the hell are you babbling about? Good news, Da-yan! Xiao Yun-yu died in bed Kao Tai-zhang gave her a grand funeral You'll be rich! What? Raiding her tomb! Damn! Who is that? Xiao Yun-yu's son? That's her husband Kao Tai-zhang Is he crying or faking it? With tears and sobbing, he's crying With tears and no sobbing, he's weeping Sobbing and no tears, he's wailing He's wailing! Who is that? Little Radish of Si-xi Garden Let's go there tonight We can't eat meat tonight So? Radish is not meat Pearls and agate are buried with her Countless gold and silver There's also a pearl necklace Allegedly, Sun Dian-ying stole it from the Empress Dowager's tomb Right! It's worth thousands of silver coins Enough to buy 8 quadrangles Xiao Da-zhi... Xiao Da-zhi... What? I've been looking for you! Why aren't you working? I'm waiting for you! You won't find me if I was working I heard Spanish Flies are effective Get me some! For what? The professor wants them That old hypocrite? He speaks of virtue and morality but he practices treachery and adultery That's not a good deal You'll kill each other by taking that stuff What about me? Find someone else You have no shame! Quit the act! I'm down here What happened? Are they the Spanish Flies? Of course My stomach... Xiao Da-zhi... Did you give me the real Spanish Flies? Yes, they are flies Spanish? Chinese! We're supposed to use native goods Damn you! I'll kill you... come back! What's with you! You're so mean! I'm doing him a favor The old bastard is too weak He can't take the real stuff He'll kick the bucket Spanish Flies are white, not black White You know? Yes! Xiao Yun-yu and Kao Tai-zhang caught a ride with me They went about it on my rickshaw I can't believe it They didn't care where they were Here you are... Open the door! After they got off I witnessed a carnal tragedy Tell me! Xiao Yun-yu looks like such an ice goddess Get her in bed and she's hot as hell She didn't get those nicknames for nothing She was everything they say she is But Kao Tai-zhang held his own Give him an aphrodisiac He's like a tiger What happened next? They went on and on Without letting up a bit until the wee hours Kao Tai-zhang remained powerful Xiao Yun-yu was screaming and moaning gradually she became enervated and finally died of exhaustion Kao Tai-zhang was heart broken You're such a liar You should be a storyteller I didn't make it up! It's true I saw them! Forget it! You're such a liar! How much is our bill? Cakes... Thank you! Baked cakes... Baked cakes... Baked cakes... Baked cakes... Baked cakes... Roasted nuts... Did you lose a lot? Damn! I'm on a losing streak I would have lost my wife if I had one Save up and get married! Right! Rickshaw! Take me to the back street What's wrong with you? I thought I saw a ghost Who are you calling a ghost? I mean Xiao Yun-yu You look exactly like her She's my twin sister. She's elder No wonder! Keep going! She was lovely and she was too nice to Kao Tai-zhang She died a dutiful wife And she was so pretty! Kao Tai-zhang should be dead That bastard's name is ajinx Too long, too tall Your sister's life is too short What are you saying? I'm sorry... I'm not the only one saying that Everyone agrees... This is outrageous! No kidding! What a mess! If you ask me I'd rather die in bed What's wrong? Are we there yet? Stop here I forgot my wallet You can pay me later I can't do that! Keep this for me I'll take it back when I pay you What is this? I trust you I'm not giving it to you, it's only collateral Keep it, I'll get it back But... "Xiao Yun-yu" What's wrong? Did you see a ghost? That kid is quite thoughtful I don't care for a fake like this When rich ladies wear fake jewelry They look real Real things would look fake on me Never mind a fake like this Who said it's a fake? It's real? It's really worth a few thousand? You can't buy it even if you have money Kao Tai-zhang buried it with Xiao Yun-yu I bet this is the one Her sister kept it Her sister? She forgot her money so she gave me this She'll get it back when she pays me later I bet it's real Let's sell it We can live on it for the rest of our lives You can retire and I don't have to be a whore A heartless bitch like you will be a whore even in the next life! You little bastard I'll go to town tomorrow find a cobbler and sew it up so you can't get through What are you doing? Relax! I'm keeping it for you Take it to the pawn shop tomorrow "Pawn" How much? How much is it worth? How much do you want? Broken eastern pearls worth 1,000 silver coins Wait! What did you say? Aren't these eastern pearls? I don't care But it's not broken That's the rule Forget it! Why would he have a string of pearls like that? I'm thinking the same thing He must have stolen it or robbed it Probably! Eastern pearls? Let me see Indeed! Whose is it? His Where did you find it? It's a family heirloom Passed down from my Grandfather You have a rich Grandfather? How much do you want? How much will you give? I'll sell it to you for 3,500 but I'll buy it for 1,600 What? You sell for 3,500 but you're paying 1,600? That's how we do business The difference is my profit Otherwise, why bother? What about my share? 1,800... how about 1,900? Never mind! Is that Xiao Yun-yu's sister? The one and only Xiao Yun-yu She has no sisters You're off? Xiao Yun-yu! That's my sister! Right... please get in, sis I'm not your sis Of course! I mean Xiao Yun-yu's sister Damn! What? Never mind What a pain! Stop here! Is this yours? I thought it was a fake It's real but worthless Worthless? This must be worth 2,000 silver coins I forgot my wallet again I can't pay you Don't worry about it You're Xiao Da-zhi? How do you know? That's what the wonton guy calls you Right... You're a nice fellow I heard you lost a bit of money It's alright Let me help you win it back How? I don't have any money Sell your rickshaw Then I can win? My father runs a casino I'm sure I can help you Right, I'll sell it Make room for a new one tomorrow Give him 20 silver coins 20? I paid 65 for it It was new, but now it's used You get 20 because of this lady Otherwise, I won't even be interested Fine, 20 it is Open Three Bet... No more bets! That's not enough! Bet everything Everything? You're here to play or to win? To win, of course! One! Place your bets! Everything? Open Have a smoke? Thanks One Bet... Open... I won! Money is nothing You can't take it with you Nothing matters It's happy to win and it's so annoying to lose Winning beats losing Of course... 10, 20, 30... 60 Xiao Yun-yu! Xiao Yun-yu! Xiao Yun-yu! How pretty! I couldn't do this to you But we have our rules... Please bear with me Allegedly, Sun Dian-ying took this from the Empress Dowager She ruled Qing for 40 years and couldn't wear this You don't deserve to wear this either Let me borrow it! Excuse me... You can't take it with you because you came with nothing Allow me to ward off my troubles Quiet... Money and treasures belong to this world I have better use for them than let them be buried Damn! What a beauty... Might as well have some fun Such an ice goddess... Someone raided Xiao Yun-yu's tomb Anything missing? The body is gone! What? Anything valuable? A pearl necklace Pearl necklace? Is it expensive? Yes, it's a string of Eastern pearls Xiao Da-zhi had one Are you sure? I'm sure, he's outside my door everyday He's a member of the Bordered White Flag Everyone calls him Xiao Da-zhi I won't put the rickshaw there I'll be damned... Strange! I gambled with a lot of people I don't think so No? Who were they? Losers Ghosts? You too Me? You were drunk! You were imagining things But I had 1,666 silver coins They're fakes They float on water The bills were from the Bank of Hell They're all fakes I can't bring them with me anyway Hey, don't you guys want to eat? Come on in Hmm, eating is real Castle Peak is real So, what if I let you be the emperor? Things change but the world remains unchanged