foodval.com - stop by if you're interested in the nutritional composition of food --- Thank you. Today we honor the 25 million veterans who have worn the uniform of the United States of America. I am especially thankful to be back home honoring two veterans from my own family. My father, former Senator Henry Sheridan and, of course, my brother Wally Sheridan, Governor of this great state. We observe Veteran's Day on a special anniversary. A day when war ended and our nation was.. This morning I asked my Secretary of Defence, Ellery Shipley, to formulate a schedule for the gradual withdrawal of our troops from Afghanistan and Iraq. As Commander-in-Chief it is my responsibility to protect the protectors. The men and women of the armed forces. Our troops have served valiantly. Now it is time to bring them home. So on this Veterans' Day let us give thanks to all those men and women who have fought to ensure our freedom. May God bless them and their families. May God bless the United States of America. Sally. The President is down. Again, we are still waiting for confirmation, but it appears that a shot or some shots were fired. Secret Service has mobilized and is taking her to safety. He's coming down. Did you get him? No. A special meeting of Congress has convened in Washington today.. ...Congress.. Intelligence.. Congress.. Pronto, find it! Atta boy. Yeah, that's a good boy. Let's get somebody up there. Jones, what happened? The op went dead. I can see that. How? We had a one-hour window once the call came in. I placed snipers on site, birds in the sky. Satellite surveillance indicated it was a manageable distance. But as the guy approached on the water it all went south. C4 charges blew the wheelhouse and created a cover smoke. We lost sight of our agent. Before we could respond they opened fire. There, there, there and there. Four units each one hit. They knew exactly where we'd be positioned. Sounds like they knew our protocol. Got to be a former agent. Our current. The preliminary ballistics report. These guys didn't shop the gun department at Walmart. Government issue. Amos is presenting to the President at nine. Get a description for the Coast Guard. Sir, I think it's too late. By now they've swapped vessels or gone ashore. I didn't mean a description of the boat. I meant a description of our man. We need to identify the body. I think if they wanted him dead they would have killed him right here. We have to assume that he's still alive. Lauren.. I know. I'm fine. We want action. We want action. We want action. After our preliminary examination we ran a full sweep of the area. We were able to trace the line of fire back to this office building. The shooter's perch was wiped clean. No prints, no hair, no fibres, nothing. Power to the building was cut. Security cameras were disabled. The shooter walked into the building using a hacked security card. His exit, however, did not go quite as smoothly. As you know, there were two security guards in the parking garage. They engaged the shooter and between the two guards fourteen rounds were fired. We only recovered twelve slugs. That means the shooter was probably hit twice. However, a lack of blood evidence also suggests that the scene was sanitized. So who did the mop up? We don't know. It doesn't appear that the shooter had any accomplices in the parking garage, but he did kill two guards who managed to escape. Tire treads indicate that he exited by the south side of the building. We also found glass fragments spread throughout the scene. Forensics was able to match those fragments to a GM vehicle manufactured between 1996 and 2002. Now my investigation has identified every traffic and security camera in a five-mile radius of the office building. I issued a blanket seizure warrant and I have had agents working around the clock analyzing every frame of that footage. This came from an ATM security camera three miles away from the office building. Now the drive was corrupt so it was forwarded to digital forensics. It took a little bit of time but they were able to recover some of the data. This is a Chevy lmpala, GM built. You will notice that there is no glare on the windshield. That's because the glass is spider-webbed which is consistent with bullet strikes. Also there's no glass in the driver's window. Gentlemen, I believe we are looking at the first image of our shooter. Do we have an ID? Not yet. Colonel Amos, are you telling me you've had all this time to investigate and this is all we've got to go on? Some grainy video, a blurred photo of what could be our shooter? Mr. President, with all due respect, you are failing to see the significance of our findings. You're fixated on the evidence while it's the lack of evidence that is most telling here. I don't follow. Our shooter got through our security perimeter; he hacked into the city power grid. He disabled security cameras for an entire city block and he killed the President of the United States with a single shot fired from over a mile away. And he did not leave a single shred of evidence. This is a highly skilled, highly trained professional. Special Ops, perhaps. This is the type of man that is employed by a foreign government or a paramilitary organization. This is not Oswald or Hinckley. This is political. Colonel, it's always political. His pockets were empty. No wallet. No ID. His watch stopped at four fifteen. Probably about the time his plane crashed. See his parachute got caught in a tree. He must have bailed over the forest. That terrain there's nowhere to touch down. And there are puncture wounds probably from the branches. But, this one here had a bullet inside it. He was shot? Yeah. Twice. The other one grazed his temple here see? His head was bleeding pretty badly. We're going to have to butterfly it. Clean him up and I'll take him to the hospital. No, Abe. I've seen what they do to people like him. No ID, no insurance. He'd be lucky to end up in a cot in a hallway. Martha, he needs a doctor. I am a doctor. No, you were one. They can't take care of him the way I can. Okay, Martha, okay. Wait. Look at this. Xlll. What do you think it means? I don't know. Could explain his luck. Colonel Amos, we have to find the killer now. Mr. Wax. This came off USNN this morning. They've been running it all day. Governor Sheridan, after taking over the GOP nomination from Dean Barber, your campaign has made incredible inroads. Carving out a six-point lead in the latest polls. Well, I think, the country has been forced to re-evaluate its leadership. I mean, in the months since my sister's death we have seen an unprecedented surge in terrorist attacks on American soil. The bombing of an electrical grid in New Hampshire that disrupted power across four states. The tragic sarin gas attack on Chicago's subways. Meanwhile, President Galbrain and his administration have made no progress in their investigation of the assassination. My sister was a great leader. She served our country. She deserves more. The American people deserve more. They deserve security. And that's why I'm running for this presidency. T o take up my sister's legacy. Because whether you are a Republican, whether you're a Democrat, this election comes down to one key issue. Who do you trust to keep you safe? So in your opinion the current administration is.. Cut it off. He should be ashamed. Invoking Sally's name, capitalizing on her death. It's terrible. Yes, but it's working. And if we don't counter Sheridan is going to slaughter us at the polls. Sheridan lost his sister. Do you think hitting him with attack ads is going to make us look good? No, but it could hurt him. Raise doubts. Get the public talking about something other than the attacks and the assassination. Gentlemen, I want to make myself very clear. Sally Sheridan was more than just the president; she was a friend. If I lose this election I will not lose it on account of doing nothing. I will not be remembered as the president who let the killer slip through his fingers. Now, Colonel, what's it going to take? Access. Support resources. I need your administration to stay out of my way. This runs deep. I need a big shovel. Okay. Whatever it takes. Just bring me the shooter. Pronto. Pronto? Pronto. A fight between rival factions along the Israeli-Syrian border initial reports.. Israeli jet fighters bombed a guerrilla base killing at least 49 soldiers. I checked the news. There's no reports of any planes crashing in the area. Well, it hasn't been that long. We should wait until tomorrow. Maybe something will turn up. He can't stay here. Why not? You know that bullet you fished out of him? It's T eflon-coated. Meaning it's designed to pierce body armour. It wasn't a hunting accident, Martha. He fell from the sky with two bullets in him. He's dangerous. Well, he's no threat to us, Abe. I mean he can barely move. You saw him. I also saw his tattoo. It's either a gang sign or a prison tattoo. For all we know he might have killed somebody already. Well, I just think we should let him wake up and explain himself. That's all. Why won't you let me call the police? What is it you're afraid of? Nothing. You're afraid they're going to take him away. Oh, don't be ridiculous. He's not a replacement. I know that. Then why are you getting involved? I'm sorry, Martha. Do you hear that? Hey, hold on. Hey! Hey, where are you going? Who are you? Here, drink this. Wait a minute. Where am I? You're in Bomont, West Virginia. I'm Martha. This is my husband, Abe. You bailed out of a plane over the woods. Do you remember anything? No. Oh think, son. You must remember something. I don't remember anything. Amnesia? I don't know. That kind of trauma to the head combined with the blood loss from the shoulder wound.. It could cause memory loss, yeah. There was a computer upstairs. Is it working? You don't have Internet? No. We haven't had this thing on for more than a year. They must have disconnected it. Do you know if they took the modem? The what? I got it. Internet techs are notoriously lazy. Looks like they just blocked your hardware I D from accessing the network. Yeah. Let's see if that does it. You can't even remember your own name. How do you manage to do that? I have no idea. Emergency crews still clearing debris from the McCarran Airport Tunnel, site of this morning's bombing in Nevada. So far at least eight people have been confirmed dead with dozens more believed to be trapped inside. President Galbrain is presently en route to Las Vegas where he is scheduled to deliver a live address this evening. Meanwhile, Republican nominee, Wally Sheridan, speaking from a campaign stop in Cincinnati, Ohio had this reaction.. These enemy strikes weaken us in the eyes of the world and strengthens the resolve of those who hate us. This country has fallen prey to a small group of foreign extremists who are holding us hostage through violence and fear. We can't give into that fear. Where have you been? Oh, I had to attend to a few things. You smell like smoke. I don't know whether you're right about this man, but whoever he is there are people who want him dead. And we'd better make sure they don't find him. Any luck? No. Well, maybe this can provide some answers. I found it inside your watch. Looks like some kind of memory card. In my watch. Why would I have this? I've seen what you're capable of, the things you're capable of. What do you mean? We took a bullet out of your shoulder and stitched up your head. You must have lost about three pints, but when I came up on you, you took me down faster than I could blink. Now just listen. I've served in the corps. Did a couple of tours in Nam. I know how to handle myself. But you, you're a different breed. Now you want to find out who you are and I can't help you with that. But I can tell you what you are. What am I then? You're the kind of person who bails out of a plane all shot up. The kind of person who can take a couple of bullets and still put up a fight. The kind of person who hides something like that in the back of their watch. I just pray to God that you're on the right side. Sir, just got a hit within our search parameter. Combing the server for an IP. Forward me the address when it comes in. Yes, Sir. I think we've acquired our target. Stand by for location. And if this is him, make sure he's debriefed before he's cancelled. I want to know who he's talked to. Come in. Thank you for the clothing. I appreciate it. Well, someone may as well use them. The night we got the call I knew the minute that phone rang. Losing a child, it's not something you just get over. It stays with you forever. I'm sorry. Thank you, dear. I'm going to be leaving tomorrow. But you don't even know where you're going. I know. But it's time. I got to find out who I am. I'm going to make a cup of tea. Would you like one? Sure. That would be nice. Pronto? Pronto. Martha? Martha. Martha. More coming. Who? Go. No. I'm not leaving you. All right. Who's out there? Abe. Abe! Who's out there? Answer me, dammit! The shooter is collateral. Take him out. Abe. Abe. Shoot to kill. We're supposed to take him alive. No. He's not coming out of there alive. I think he's made that clear. Give me the phone. Clean the place up and torch it. Is it done? We lost him. Lost him how? He fought back. That's unacceptable. Well, if you'd waited for me he'd be dead now and we wouldn't be having this conversation. You understand something. This will be done my way. Now find him. I believe that there's a connection between the assassination and the tunnel bombing. How so? The McCarran Airport Tunnel is the third attack since the assassination. On the days leading up to all of these strikes there hasn't been any of the typical chatter. Now a handful of fringe cells have claimed responsibility, but nothing that's credible. None of the big players have taken credit and that concerns me. So what are you thinking? T o kill the President of the United States is the ultimate end-game for these people yet none of them are coming forward. Also they are smart enough to understand that it is better for them to have a dove like Sally Sheridan in the White House than a hawk like her brother, Wally. Why would they open the door for a hardliner to win the presidency? Are you suggesting this is domestic? The assassination happened a few months before the primaries. Now we are in the thick of an election and American people are being targeted on American soil. Whoever took out Sally Sheridan is trying to influence the vote. Get their guy in office. You saw the photo. The shooter was not foreign. I suggest you follow your instinct. But tread carefully. If we start pointing fingers at Americans and we're wrong, God help us. I know I'm late. Sorry. Hey, would you mind? Yeah, sure. Life in the city, huh? I guess. You're not from around here. Oh, jeeze. Sam! What you change the locks and I'll just disappear? Best idea. We need to talk. We're done talking. I don't think so. Hey, she said she didn't want to talk. Get lost. Look, just give me five minutes. Forget it. You got caught with your hand in the cookie jar. We are through. She's gone, Sam. It's over. Okay? Hey, I mean it this time. Let go of the door, please. No. Not until you hear what I have to say. Hey! She said she already heard. You still here? I think I told you to get lost! Aaah! My arm. See a doctor. It's probably going to swell. Screw you. Sorry. Don't be. You just made my day. Come on. Whatever you need it's on the house. Name is Sam. Hey, Sam. Nice to meet you. You going to tell me your name? It's not a trick question. No, I know, but.. Wow! You've got the dark and mysterious thing down pat. I actually don't know my name. I don't even know who I am. Up until about three or four weeks ago I can't remember anything. Like amnesia? That's a good one. I know it sounds crazy, but.. No. It doesn't sound crazy. It sounds like you're full of it. How did it happen? I don't remember. Some kind of head injury I think. No memories at all? Not a thing. If you could bottle that I'd buy some. God knows there's a lot of crap in my life I'd love to forget. So tell me, man with no name, how can I help you? I've got this picture here. Nice shot of you. You want me to crop out the chick? No. Actually I need to find this woman. I noticed that it was printed here. I was hoping I could get the customer's name. I'm really not supposed to give out customer information. I can get sued. Please. It's the only lead I have at finding some of these answers. I would really appreciate it. Let me see it again. You've got to see this. Remains of the McCarran Airport T unnel bomber. Guessing an ID is out. No prints, no teeth. We're waiting on DNA results. Did find something interesting though. Lower neck below the clavicle. I don't see anything. I want photographs. Full chem work-ups, and the DNA results the second you get them. BA-5645. I should still have it on file. Here we go. Customer's name is Kim Rowland. Kim Rowland. Girlfriend? Wife? Ex? Name doesn't ring a bell? No. Kim Rowland. Kim Rowland. 2864 East 18th Street. Apartment 4B. 4B. Sound familiar? Hey, you got a tat. That's cool. What does it mean? You tell me. I don't know. Well, add another ten when you get a chance. Thirteen is bad luck. Coffee machine is on a timer. If I don't get my fix before nine o'clock I'm a psychotic witch. Can I get you a cup? Sure. How do you take it? Right. I'll surprise you. Whoa! Slow down there, cowboy. It's security encrypted. One more wrong password and your file is toast. I know. It's pretty important huh? When they rescued me they found it on me. I got to know what's on it. Look, I have a friend named Surinder. He's pretty good at this kind of stuff. He hacked into the city database and erased all my parking tickets. I can have him take a look if you want? And give it to someone else? Well, you helped me. I want to help you. Amos thinks the assassination is a domestic plot. Was he able to make an ID? No, but he's on the right track. Keep an eye on him. Of course. What's this? Trouble. Arson report. Got flagged to Langley. Elderly couple were found burned in their home. A mountain cabin in West Virginia. Two hundred miles from where we lost contact. And you think that's related? Well, right before the place burned down someone there tried to access our chip. And this morning a second attempt was made, we traced to an I P in New York City. It's XI I I. No. If he's out there he would have made contact by now. Well, maybe he can't. Maybe that's why he initiated the tracking program. T o draw us to him. I'll contact the old man. You're going to New York City. If Xlll's out there we got to bring him in before someone else does. We have target on sight. Verification has been made. Kim Rowland? Steve Rowland. 'Where The Indian Goes.' Why are you after me, huh? Secret Service. This isn't real. Check again. Why me? Uh? Why me? Uh? You thought they'd leave you out there after what you did? You're a liability. To who? Come on, man. I don't know who they are. I just take their orders. Just like you did. Who am I? You don't know? What is my name? Steve Rowland. You keep talking. Keep talking. They want you dead. Tell me who you're working for. Tell me the names of the people you're working for. Hey! Hey! Stop! He's heading north on the Avenue. What am I looking at? This is the McCarran Airport Tunnel bomber. At least what's left of him. This second photograph is a close-up of his left shoulder. An alternate light source scan revealed a mark burned into the flesh. It's another tattoo. Number 14. I don't understand, Colonel. How is this relevant? If you bear with me for just a minute. I looked into the autopsy of the two security guards. The men who were killed when they engaged Sally Sheridan's assassin. At the time the coroner noted that both men had chemical burns right above the left collarbone. And that's the same place we found a tattoo on the bomber. So you think the others have tattoos as well? Yes, Sir. And this also supports my theory that the recent terrorist attacks and the assassination are linked. T ake a look at this. Another one. VI I I. Eight. Actually, Sir, you'll notice the serif at the top of the numbers but not the bottom. Assuming horizontal symmetry.. Xlll. Xlll. Whoever is responsible for the recent attacks also ordered the assassination. They placed the two guards at the scene with the intention of taking out the shooter. Why would they try to take out their own accomplice? Because if the shooter escaped, or worse, was captured, he could implicate the others. They wanted to deliver us a trigger man. They wanted the trail to end with a dead body. And the bomber? Have you been able to identify him? No. We're still waiting on the DNA results. But these photographs prove my theory is correct. That the shooter is part of a larger network. A network that contains at least 15 conspirators. These tattoos are not just body art, they're a type of code system so that the players can identify each other without using names. Have you shared this information with anyone else? Not yet, Sir. I would like to release a sketch of the shooter along with the information about the tattoos in the hopes that it might identify the conspirators. No. I think that's a mistake. I mean, unless we have some concrete evidence I think the new information plus any other findings should be kept completely confidential. I believe it's important to release the information. Mr. Wax is right. We need hard evidence, Colonel, not conjecture and conspiracy theories. Releasing this information to the public will only set us up for more criticism if we don't deliver the shooter. Now I don't have to remind you that the American public go to the pools next week. If this administration is to survive we need to give the people what they want justice. Is that understood? Yes, Mr. President. General Carrington. Walk with me. I placed a unit at every subway station and bus stop within a five-mile radius. Nothing yet. He's probably gone underground. No way he'd show his face in public. It doesn't make sense. He saw me. I looked into his eyes and he ran. No. After what happened at the drop you think he still trusts us? I know this is painful for you, Lauren, but if he wanted to make contact he'd have done it by now. No it's something else. Has to be. Keep me posted. Yes, Sir. Why do you have so much money, Steve? He's down. Good. You're awake. We can begin. Julius Caesar was once asked which death is preferable to every other? His answer.. "The unexpected." Unfortunately for you, your death today will be anything but. But the human body can surprise you. A man can lose forty percent of his blood before he goes into organ failure. In fact, he won't even know he's dying because of the reduced level of consciousness. Which is why, my friend, God invented pain. Pain serves as a warning. Let's you know there's something not right. We're going to get acquainted, you and me. Just you wait. I can make three minutes feel like an eternity. You caused me a whole lot of trouble. After what happened I thought you would disappear. But it takes money to be invisible. Doesn't it, lucky number Xlll? That's not my name. Sorry, Mr. Rowland. You should have died that night. It would have made things a whole lot better for both of us. It's tough living the life of a ghost isn't it? How would you know? I'm a ghost too. There's only two ways for this to end: One is quick and easy. The other is slow and painful. Either way we're going to get what we want, so the choice is yours. What do you want? T ell us who you've spoken to. I don't know. I'm going to ask again. T ell me who you've spoken to. Look, man, I don't even know who you are. You did your job now I'm doing mine. Number 1 doesn't like loose ends. Come on, you always knew this was bigger than us. Sacrifice the pawn for the king. Now tell me who you've spoken to. I told you. I don't remember. I'll leave you with Mr. Cody. Maybe he can jar your memory. Morphine. Enough of it to kill a man. That's the one you'll be begging for. Tell me what I need to hear and maybe I'll oblige you. The second one is adrenaline in case you pass out from the pain. Friend, I have enough to keep you conscious for days. Any questions? He'll talk. He better talk. Otherwise we will have to consider this operation compromised. He'll talk. Trust me, my man can be quite persuasive. Alone at last. We'll start with your eyelids. That way you won't miss a thing. What the...? Stop the truck. Hey, you okay? Can I help you? Nice lamination. Agent Lauren Jones. Central Intelligence Agency. If you want me to hand over customer photos I need to see a warrant. That's not why I'm here. We traced some suspicious Internet activity to your I P address. It appears someone used one of your computers to compromise national security. Get out! That is so cool. Ma'am, this is serious. Look, we have four self-service computers. Customers are on them all day. Checking e-mails, surfing the web, hacking into the NSA. CIA. Right. I don't monitor usage. You don't remember who used those computers this morning? It would have been just after opening. Around nine fifteen. I really don't know. It was swamped this morning. You don't remember a man? Caucasian, medium height, buzz cut. Handsome. Handsome I would remember. Sorry. Thank you for your time. You're welcome. Sam? Hey. Oh! What's the matter? Was it the wrong address? No I went to Kim's apartment. She wasn't there. I got to get going. I just came for the chip that I left with you. The chip. My friend took a look at it and freaked. Said he wouldn't touch it. Why? It's shadow encrypted. National security stuff. He said if he tried to open it the government would trace it back to him. First I thought he was messing with me. But then, like, an hour later, this lady shows up at the shop. Black chick. Says she's CIA. What did she want? She said someone tried to access some government files from one of my computers. They traced it back to the shop. I'm sorry, Sam. I'm sorry for getting you involved in this. In what? I don't know. But I'm not about to drag you into it. I'm sorry. Hold on. I have something to show you. The tattoo on your chest,. I looked it up online. The design dates back to Ancient Rome. Some general in the South Asian colonies tries to stage a coup. All of the conspirators were branded with tattoos. Number on their body so they know who is loyal to the cause. It was a secret society, with a hierarchy. The foot soldiers were the higher numbers. The architects of the coup were the lower ones right down to Number 1. The man in charge. ...now I'm doing mine. Number 1 doesn't like loose ends. ...but because of your bravery we no longer live in fear.. Hey, you okay? Yeah. I meant what I said earlier. I want to help. I keep seeing these things. What things? These images. I don't know if they're real, if they're dreams. Maybe it's your memory coming back. Maybe. I need to get out of here. You can stay here. I really should get going. I have something else for you. Come. What are those? I pulled the neg from the picture you brought me. Had the rest of them all developed. Thought there might be something that could jog your memory. Where the Indian Goes. What? Kim had this photograph in her apartment. On the back it said 'Where the Indian Goes.' Could be a vacation home or something. Kellownee Valley. That's upstate. House number 16. Do you think she's there? I don't know. But I've got to find out. Thank you. I won't forget it. With your track record I wouldn't go making any promises. Amos is still in the field. He's not returning our calls. He's ducking us. I'm sure he knows you're upset. That doesn't begin to describe it. He's done enough damage already. We need to take him out of play. We can't. Everybody knows he's heading up this investigation. If we pull him right now it'll look like we made a mistake. And we can't afford to make mistakes right now. Sir, an assault case was opened at precinct 12 in Manhattan yesterday. A complainant Roger Deakins alleged that a man with a Roman Numeral Xlll tattoo broke his arm. Suspect description matches our guy. Get me transport and notify the New York field office. I want an all-points throughout the state. No way our guy gets off that island. You got it. This lead is a pivotal development in our investigation into the assassination of President Sheridan. By releasing this digitally enhanced photo to the public, we're confident that the suspect will soon be apprehended. And, rest assured, that when this man, Xlll is found he will have to answer for his cowardly act. I'll take your questions now. Mr. President.. Helen. Give me a dog please. Sorry, man. It's okay. Police, freeze. Hey, come on here. I didn't do anything. Why? Come on. Tell me why! Kim Rowland? What happened to you? Come in. Come inside. I was shot and.. Will you tell me what the hell is going on? It's been over ten hours. You can't just.. I want a lawyer. A lawyer? Yeah, I'm entitled to one. No, you're not. You can thank the Patriot Act for that. The Patriot Act. What the hell is going on here? I didn't do anything. Good. If you're telling the truth then you won't be detained for very much longer. T ell me about your friend with the tattoo. I met him yesterday. What do you want to know? I want to know where he is? Why? What did he do? Now would you like to cooperate with me? I don't believe he did it. You said you just met him. That didn't give you much time to become an expert on the man. I look at him in the eyes. He is not the killer. Really? Thirty seconds after he met you he broke your boyfriend's arm. Ex-boyfriend. And he was a bastard. Listen to me very carefully. You seem like a smart enough girl. But you have no idea what you've got yourself into. This man killed President Sheridan and if he gets away because you did not cooperate with me your life is officially over. Do you understand what that means? You're going to kill me. You're going to wish that I had. You will spend thirty years mandatory in a five-foot by six-foot rat hole. No visitors. No parole. All of your friends will be investigated and audited. Then they will be put on a watch list. It is hard to have a normal life after that. And your loving mother, who you send checks to every month, like a good little girl, you can forget managed care. I will personally make sure that she's turned out onto the street where she will starve, afraid and alone. Now where is he? Easy, son. Don't struggle. Just listen. You were on assignment, undercover. We lost contact. Why? How do I know I can trust you? I'm the one with the gun. Way I see it trust doesn't really enter into it right now. Something happened. I was shot. I don't remember anything. You remembered how to survive. It's called instincts. That's all I have. All right, let's go back to the beginning. My name is Ben Carrington. I'm Deputy Director of the National Security Agency. This is my daughter, Kim. She was married to Steve Rowland, the man you think you might be. Are you saying I'm not Steve Rowland? You were just assuming his identity. What? A year ago Steve was stationed in Iraq. There was an incident. An IED. They believed the bombers were hiding in a little village called Haditha. Steve's unit was sent in. By the time it was all over five villagers were dead, two of them children. A military tribunal ruled that Steve was responsible. He was dishonorably discharged. Steve was a different person when he came home. It's not just the US that's at war. It's the entire western world. The very ideas of our freedom and democracy are under attack and the government's doing nothing about it. What? What are you looking at? Steve was my husband. We were married for six years and suddenly I didn't know him anymore. I tried to stick with him but it was too hard. Finally, he realized that I was going to leave and he panicked. And he opened up and told me everything that had happened. He said that when he was in Iraq he was recruited for a special operation. A wet works job. Only the target was here, in the U.S. The people who recruited Steve arranged for his dishonorable discharge to get him Stateside. The whole thing was staged. Who recruited him? He never said. But he always got his instructions from an undercover field agent who went by the code name 'The Mongoose'. Steve became obsessed. Kim came to me for help. So I decided to look into Steve's assignment. Only there was no assignment. None of the agencies had any record of it. Steve Rowland didn't work for the government. Sounds like the government was his target. That's right. But we had to know who was employing him. So I asked Kim to dig deeper. I stopped retreating from Steve. I tried to get into his head. Waited for the perfect time and then I asked him to bring me in on the operation. No. We can compromise the mission. Kim is loyal to the cause. She can be useful to us. I gave them fabricated NSA documents. Things I said I got from my father. That got me into a meeting. And then finally they brought me into the fold. I never did get the details of the operation. I mean, it was clear they just brought me in to placate Steve. He was their shooter; they just wanted to keep him happy. So you never found out about the target? No. I knew that it was someone big, but I never imagined.. That it was the president. Yeah. I managed to escape. But Steve he wasn't so lucky. We soon realized that the assassination was just part of a bigger plot from within the government. T o overthrow the current administration. A coup. This is one hell of an effective group of fascists. People in government and from the highest echelons of corporate America. How many people are we talking about? We don't know. But I was tattooed with the number seventeen. So we can assume there are at least that many. I don't understand. Why would Steve agree to this? Because they got to him. They filled his head with their so-called ideology. Then they ordered him to shoot the president. Then when they were done with him they just.. They killed him. Yeah. But the men who recruited Steve, they think he survived. But still they wanted him dead. So we decided to put an undercover agent into the field posing as Steve to flush out the conspirators. You were enlisted for the job. And plastic surgery made you identical to Steve Rowland himself. So if Steve Rowland's dead then who am I? Only the man who enlisted you knows for sure. And also what you looked like before you became Steve Rowland. All we know is that you were a former Special Ops Agent. I don't buy it! I want a name. I want the truth. I'm telling you everything I know. By the time you got to us you had already assumed Rowland's identity. It's a lot to process, but it's the truth. This is Agent Lauren Jones. CIA. Stop! I've seen her before. You were at the apartment. And that's the only memory you have of me? I knew you before? Yeah. I was your field contact for the operation. I also oversaw your training along with General Carrington. My field contact? Kim briefed you so you could assume your role as Steve Rowland. T aught you how to play the part. When you were ready we had you resume contact with the conspirators by asking for more money to buy your silence. You set up a drop with The Mongoose down at the Baltimore Waterfront. That's where we were supposed to strike. But as the Mongoose and his men approached the Zodiac something happened. Rowland! Where's the cash. They were ready for us. Someone tipped them off. That's where we lost you. All right. Listen to me. A few days ago I fell from the sky with a bullet in my shoulder. And my head sliced open. Since then I've been shot at, beaten and hunted like an animal. Two people that were trying to save me were killed. Now you come in here and you dump all this on me and you expect me to accept it. How do I know you're not lying to me? The SD card. You still have it? I've got it in my pocket. You want to cut these off? Slowly. What's the password? Cuttlefish. No. With two 'D's. It was your nickname for me. I had a nickname for you? Apparently. 'Seesaw Margery Daw' what does all this mean? Nothing. The data's irrelevant. The card itself is encrypted with a tracking program. The second someone enters a password attempt it sends us their location. That's how we tracked you to the photo shop in New York. It was supposed to be our failsafe. We figured if you were captured they would search you and find the card. When they tried to crack the password it would initiate the program and lead us right to them. But it seems we overestimated them just as we underestimated you. Before they could find the card you managed to escape. Well, that's just fascinating. Unfortunately it doesn't tell me who the hell I am. As far as the world is concerned you're still Steve Rowland. The man who killed the President, right? That's right. Why would you do this to me? You volunteered to help protect your country. That's the kind of man you were. That's the kind of man you are. Welcome to T own Hall Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where tonight we will see the third and final debate of this year's presidential elections. My first question will be directed to Republican Candidate, Wally Sheridan who will have three minutes to respond. Incumbent Democratic candidate, Joseph Galbrain, will then be allowed a one-minute rebuttal. Gentlemen, let's begin. So you just going to dangle me out there again? Is that the plan? As long as Steve Rowland appears to be alive the conspirators are vulnerable. They'll keep looking for you. You've got to maintain your cover. Help us find who did this. It's what needs to be done. I'm sorry. For what? For your loss. The real Steve Rowland, the man that I loved, he died in Iraq. The man who came home was just someone else. I lost my husband a long time ago. But you, God, you sacrificed so much. You sacrificed your whole self. Get down now! Missed him. Carrington, she's hit! I'm taking your piece. Let's go. Cover the front and back! Got it. It's okay, honey. Daddy. Just breathe. Just breathe. Save your strength. I love you. Oh, no. No! This is Colonel Amos. Put down your weapon, get down on your knees, and put your hands on your head. Promise me you won't let my daughter die in vain. No. Maintain your cover. Complete your mission. Only you can draw them out. Only you can find out who did this. As far as the world's concerned you are Steve Rowland. Move! Freeze! Nobody move. You! Stand down. Stand down. They're friendlies. What are you doing here, General Carrington? What? What are you doing here? My daughter.. I'm sorry. My daughter called. She needed my help. Agent Jones and I got here as soon as we could. What did he want with her? My guess is they used her as bait to get to me. And he killed her? No! The bullet came from outside. Someone doesn't want that man talking. We lost the target. Colonel Amos is taking him into custody. You do whatever you need to do. And just make sure that Xlll is killed before he opens his mouth. You finally see it my way. I take issue with that. My sister, more than anyone, knew that freedom is a privilege as much as it is a burden. I'm not asking Americans to give up their civil liberties. I am asking them to elect a strong leader so that those freedoms can be preserved. We need to defend ourselves and defend ourselves vigorously. There's no margin for error because the next attack. May be the one that brings this country to its knees. President Galbrain's soft foreign policy and myopic worldview have made this country vulnerable to terrorism. I have an urgent message for the president. If elected I will do what this administration has failed to do. I will shore up our borders. Increase our military presence in the Middle East and Asia. And put pressure on countries that harbour extreme terrorists. I will make this country safe again. And that's a promise. President Galbrain, you have sixty seconds. President Galbrain, your rebuttal please. I'm sorry. Ladies and gentlemen, my staff has just informed me that we have apprehended Xlll, the suspect we believe assassinated President Sally Sheridan. Oh, they found him. Yes? No matter what you hear the schedule remains the same. I understand. SubText: NoRMITA.326