foodval.com - stop by if you're interested in the nutritional composition of food --- Men, hold on to your hats. Ladies, hold on to your husbands. This is 22-year-old Melissa meed of Brooklyn, New York. The president of premiere pictures, Walter shapiro, says that the only other actress around with this kind of atomic star quality is Marilyn Monroe herself. And how does miss meed feel about her big break? Oh, well, I don't know. We hear you loud and clear, miss meed, and we're sure you'll be around for a long time. Dateline bignada, Arizona. Attention all would-be martian hunters. What you're looking at are home movies shot by nine-year-old biff atkins of bignada, Arizona. Several weeks ago, young biff sold these movies to this newsreel agency, claiming that the object you're looking at right now was a flying saucer. Well it looks like we've all been bamboozled. Just listen to what our junior Cecil b. Demille has finally confessed. There was no flying saucer. It was a prank I was pulling on my friends. We've explained to biff that his prank made a lot of people very scared and he said he was just having fun. He didn't mean to get the whole country in an uproar. He's been thoroughly punished, we can assure you all. Don't be too hard on him, mom. After all if uncle Sam is willing to let bygones be bygones, shouldn't we all? Biff atkins is to be commended for his honesty. Like all true Americans, he was willing to admit a mistake, when he had to. Mr. Paige! Mr. Paige, it's Erica stern from the daily news. You sent me some photographs. Are you alone? Yeah, I, oh my gosh. I'm sorry, miss, miss stern, please. Please, I'm unarmed, please, come in. I need to... - Okay, all right, okay. - We need to talk. You're my only chance, please, come in. I mean no harm. Step, yeah, thanks, just. You're safe. Close the door. Sit down, please. Looks like you need a doctor. Not until the story comes out. I know once it's out in the open that nobody will dare fuck with me then. Who do you thinks looking for you? You name it, they're looking. But enough with George Paige. That's just a name that I made up. That's who I really am. Lieutenant Martin kirn. Explosives expert, United States marine corps, at least until a few weeks ago. Lieutenant, sit down for a moment. I'm just trying to find this. How's your wife? We divorced, sir, or we should be soon. Yes, of course, my memories not what it used to be. The reason I asked you to come and, yes, here it is. I got a call from the Pentagon. They've lined you up for a bomb disposal operation. Oh. This is classified. And what we say now does not leave the perimeter of this desk. It seems there is an island, about 200 miles off shore, unchartered. During world war il it was used as an internment camp for Japanese Americans, after that for gunnery practice, and then apparently everyone simply forgot it existed. It was lost in the files until finally, some pencil pusher unearthed the file, and they decided to make use of it. They want to build a refueling station, and the catch is they're convinced there's still live ammo there just sitting around. They need a team to go in, find what's there, and get rid of it. What kind of target range are we talking about, sir? I don't exactly want to end up with webbed fingers. No, that was my first question to them. There are no nuclear weapons involved and nothing chemical. I hope this sounds promising to you, because they've already decided you're the man. Actually it does, sir. I could use a break from the classroom. Well, it won't be much of a break. They've assembled a team from your former students. The list is there, I think it's that blue page. Is something wrong, lieutenant? This is quite some list. Corporal dermot Reilly, sir, is a raving psychopath. And Hendricks, I wouldn't trust Hendricks with a cigarette lighter, let alone an assignment like this. Well once these Pentagon boys have their minds made. I understand that, sir, but they don't know my students like I do. Let me see if I can make some headway. The crew is set. Lieutenant, they are absolutely committed. Well, that was an attitude I knew something about. It's what wrecked my marriage. She wanted me to quit the military but I wouldn't. She couldn't take living on bases anymore. When it came down to it, I chose the marine corps over her. I was in that deep. Anyway two days later, the Pentagon flew their guy out. Fetterman, a spook military intelligence, not CIA, but a spook through and through with that typical spook arrogance, like there wasn't one thing happening in the world he didn't know about. Captain fetterman reporting, sir. Captain, this is lieutenant Martin kirn. My assistant, j.G. Watkins. Colonel, sir, may we proceed with the debriefing? Well, captain, the lieutenant would like to take you to lunch first, his way of welcoming you to California. J the shadow, the shadow of doubt j still lingers, but the sound is vague j as each day, as each day goes by I quit, I've had enough. Oh, what the fuck was that? That was not the fucking shot you called. The fuck it isn't, leave him the fuck alone. I'm no good at this stuff anyway. You can't quit now, freak man. He said he quit, so leave him alone, asshole! Since when did you become his mommy? Fuckin' prick! Goddamn it, asshole! Oh, oh, oh! - They're rowdy. - Shut the fuck up! Who's in charge of these men? - Excuse me. - Come on! Come on, baby girl, get out of my way. Get the fuck out of the way! Banta, banta, put that cue down! Right now! - Prick! - Reilly! Reilly, everybody, fall in line! Hustle! Hustle, hustle it up. Sir, I'd like you to meet the people you selected for your assignment. Private dermot Reilly. Wipe the smile off your face, Reilly. Corporal banta. Banta. Private Hendricks. Hendricks, show the captain your finger. How did you lose that finger, Hendricks? Sir, failure to follow your instructions, sir. And last but not least, captain, private Friedman. How do you do? Just thought you'd like to meet the people first hand, captain. Are you a team player, kirn? I believe my record speaks for itself. The crew stays as it is. Watkins! I'll see you outside. Yes, sir. And I'll see you at 0600. By the way, she's off limits. Say hello to your new co, boys. Hey, banta, I'm your relief, and, oh, what a relief I am. Lieutenant tight ass is calling some sort of meeting. Hey, banta, that Watkins, kinda pretty, huh? Fuck you, Reilly. Whoa, banta, slow down, slow down, we have to talk. How'd you end up in the corps, banta? Well, uh, I used to be an ice skater, and there was this other ice skater, this bitch, and I couldn't stand her, so I hired somebody to break her fuckin' leg, so the judge he gave me two options, three years in the military or a year behind bars. So we're the lucky ones? Yes, sir. Actually, of all the those people on this assignment, you're the only one that I halfway trust. Fetterman agrees. He's gonna be setting up a base camp, we'll be splitting up into two teams. I'll be heading one, you'll be heading the other. Thank you, sir. No, don't thank us, just don't prove us wrong. So, Friedman, Hendricks, or Reilly, which one do you want? Ah, anybody, so long as it's not Reilly. Good, you get Hendricks. Put the fucking rifle down. Put the goddamn rifle down. Huh, what's the matter, get in there. I'm fuckin' bored! On second thought... No, no, no second thoughts. Maybe next time you'll think before you speak. Now, you'll both equipped with metal detectors, walkie-talkies, c-4, and timers. We're not gonna take any chances with sophisticated detonation methods on this goddamn island. Whatever we find, we're gonna blow up. You with me? Yes, sir. Good, make absolutely certain your area is clear before you set your charges. You know my rules, I want you to check everything twice, right, twice. Okay, strong suggestion, let Hendricks be in charge of communication, handle the explosives yourself. I'd like to make a point also, lieutenant. This is the first time in 50 years that anyone has stepped foot on that island. Now, I assume that much of the internement camp was destroyed in the testing, but if you should come across any documents, or let's just say any remnants of the camp, you are to bring them directly to me. Is that understood? And it would be in your best interest not to look them over too carefully. What do you mean in our best interest? Exactly what I said. You could say that's when I started to get suspicious. I couldn't put it all together, but somehow I knew this wasn't exactly what I'd bargained for. Figured I'd take Reilly and Friedman, make a sweep from beach to base camp, and I'll radio down when everything's covered. Sounds like a plan. Jesus, captain, we must've been pretty concerned about those Japanese to stick 'em way the hell out here. Yeah, yeah, I guess you're right. So, man to man, why is military intelligence still concerned? I only know what the big dogs tell me, kirn. They want to put a refueling station on the island. You and I have the dubious honor of doing the recon. Man to man, I was wrong for insisting on those men, but I like the way you handle 'em. I'm glad I can count on you. As you were. Hendricks, where the hell are ya? I need some help out here. Kirn to base ship, over. Kirn to base ship, over. We read you, over. We completed our sweep. We're going to proceed on. Make sure you follow the trail we've left. Bring tents, the huts are pretty wrecked. Over, do you copy, over? We read ya, over. I don't want you smokin' that shit out in the field. You wanna blow your head off too? Ya got me? Yes, sir. Oh, you're a riot. Whoa, Friedman, our retirement home. Reminds me of lost colony at roanoke. Lost what at where? Ah, in north Caroline in the 16th, 17th century, somethin' like that, these colonists spent the winter, the next year when the ship came to get 'em, the entire colony was gone. The only clue they had was the word croatoan carved into a tree. Lieutenant! I got a bite here! Private, you're gonna hit the fuckin' nose! Come on, go scout cover. Oh baby. I hate to break this to ya, but you went out of style with ho chi minh. Friedman, let me have some c-4. Lieutenant, I got some cover over here. What have we here? Base camp to kirn. Everybody all right, over? Hey, everybody all right? Yeah. We're all fine. Look, fillings. I don't think he flossed either. Go get fetterman. J must've turned it on when you turned it down what? J I hear ya talkin' but talk is cheap j you promised me gold j I gotta try to pull this around j from you whoa, that looks like blood. What are you doing? Find out what we hit. You know, kirn's rules, don't put your feet where you ain't made a sweep. A rabbit? They got rabbits way out here? What do I look like, a fuckin' zoologist? Don't! What are we gonna do, let it suffer? Whoa. Somethin' happened to the music. Hendricks, don't take off like that. You're gonna lose your fuckin' legs as well as your finger. It's fuckin' gone. What? My fuckin' radio, it's fuckin' gone. People die, lieutenant. They die in internment camps, they die in San Diego. You obviously happened across a graveyard. This many people? Maybe there was an outbreak of influenza. Is there any mention of influenza in any of the records, captain? The records I've seen, lieutenant, are spotty at best, but if you're trying to suggest what I think you are, you're way out of bounds to even think the us military would slaughter its citizens during war. No way. I'd be the last person in the world to suggest something like that. You told me to report anything I find. That's exactly what I'm doing. No one has been here for 50 years, isn't that what you said? That's right. 1955. Now, unless my math has gone way downhill, I'd say that makes for 40 years. Your math is excellent, lieutenant. It's your attitude that stinks. Watkins! I decided from then on I wasn't going to show him shit. I got together with my men at lunch and told them to set their walkie-talkies to a different channel. If they found anything, I didn't want fetterman to know. Guess what? By sunset, we'd found something new. This way, guys. Did you sweep the area? Yeah. What about these houses, they all clean? You check 'em? All clean. I found all these, like, fish and things, like. What the fuck was that? All day we've been hearin' it, ain't we, bantha? Yeah. Igor, it lives. I guess this explains the rabbits. What rabbits? Well, Hendricks and I hit a rabbit goin' down the road. Since then we've seen, maybe, 10 of 'em. More like 20. Must've been some big rabbits. I figure they were bein' used in experiments. After the war, they were abandoned, and then they spilled out into the jungle. All it takes it two, and pretty soon you've got a whole tribe. Lucky for them they weren't lesbians, banta. Yeah? Why don't ya try me sometime? What about that boneyard? I think they were using people. I think they were using people as human Guinea pigs. Lieutenant. Lieutenant, wake up. What? Listen. It's the wind, Friedman. Up, everybody up! Reilly, go with me, Hendricks, you cover our backs! Friedman, go get the others. What, what are we looking for? What's going on, where? Where, where are they? What's going on? Ssh, turn out the lights. Come in. - Holy shit! - What the fuck is this? Where the fuck did this guy come from? Ah, man. There's not supposed to be anyone on this island, you know. Everybody calm. - I got a gun over here. - Don't, don't, don't! Hold it right there, buddy. Hold it right there. We're friends. - Hold it. - We're friends. We are friends. What's your name? Nobody's gonna make it out of here alive! - I got this. - What's your name? We are friends. - Come on, get him. - Get him. Nobody's gonna get out of this alive. - Okay. Move, Watkins. Come on, move out. - Yes, sir. Nobody's gonna get out of this alive. Nobody's gonna yeah, all right, all right, we heard it, we heard it! Get out of this alive. Watkins, rub him down with a bar of soap, disinfect the fucker, and find him some new clothes. Yes, sir. Nobody's gonna get out of this. They've given up on the entire project! What project? - Friedman! - Nobody's gonna get outta of this. - Yes, sir. Do you have something else you could be doing? I'm sure I could find something. Well, why don't you go find it. Locating something to do, sir. Terrible party. Well, I talked to him for a couple of hours. I didn't find out a fucking thing. What I figure is he's a pilot, downed a plane around here somewhere, so tell your men to keep an eye out for the fuselage. Have you come across any of it? - No. - None of us are gonna get out of this alive. Tell them to look for his shelter too. He's gotta have a shelter around here somewhere, right? All right, people, he's fascinating, but we got a job to do, right? How do you think the old man did it, huh? Livin' in the middle of nowhere, years and years. Eating what? Birds, coconuts, rabbits. And no one around to talk to. Yeah, I know how that feels. You know how that feels? What are you kiddin' me? I know how it feels to have no good conversation. Fuck you, Friedman. If you're so smart, what are you doin' here in the first place? Her name was carmelita. Detonation kirn, yeah, we read you, over. Hendricks, did you sweep the area? Yeah, all clear. Get it, get a move on. Four, three, two. Goddamn you, Hendricks! You didn't fuckin' sweep the area! Fucking idiot. We're practically sitting on live ammo. I'm sorry! We could've been killed. Why don't ya get mad already? Jesus, you blew a hole in the thing, you idiot. Cool. It's concrete. Hendricks, I don't know about this. Hendricks! Hendricks! Hendricks, what's going on in there? Jesus Christ. Friedman, first aid. Banta, banta, what happened? What happened, what happened? Something, I, I, couldn't, it was green. Okay, this is gonna sting. You know, you remind me of my grandpa. After he had his stroke, I used to take care of him, give him a bath, take him for walks. They're sending planes to stop it. They're gonna wait until he goes back inside, and then they're gonna cover it with cement. That's the only way. I know, okay? I know all about it. All right, I'm gonna go get a razor, and I'm gonna give you a shave. I'll be right back. I tried for over an hour, sir, but all he does is rant and rave. Makes absolutely no sense, but as you know, all he has to do is say one thing that does make sense, and that's it, it's out to the inquiring minds. I agree, sir. Well, he's old. I can smother him, pass it off as a heart attack. Yes, sir, will do, out. Where was the last place you saw Hendricks? Wouldn't it be better off just leaving him inside there, huh? Tag. You're it. Fucking great. Mother of Christ. Lieutenant! - What? - You gotta see this. Did you find him? Just get in here! Don't leave me alone. You're not alone, you've got Friedman. I got somethin', lieutenant. Got it? Yeah. Give banta some light. You all right? Yeah. Geez. All right, what's this? Turn the light off, lieutenant! Holy shit. Whatever the fuck it is, it's light sensitive. What's up ahead there? Let's check this out here. Hendricks! You can stand up here. Hendricks! Be careful. Yeah, I'm gonna be. Hendricks! Captain fetterman. Captain fetterman. The survivor got away. He got. Sorry, sir, I was giving him a bath, and I just left him for a second to get a razor, and then when I came back he was gone. I told you to come get me before you did that, didn't 1? Yes, sir. You goddamned idiot! You fucked it all up! Base camp to kirn, come in. Uh, this is Friedman. The lieutenant's, uh, not available, over. Spread the word, the old geezer got away. He attacked Watkins. Shoot to kill. Shoot to kill? That's an order, Friedman, shoot to kill! Put kirn on. Friedman, where is kirn? Well, we, uh, found this concrete block, and Hendricks blew it open and disappeared inside, and, well, I guess kirn and everybody else went in to find him, over. Well that's it. That's it. We're finished here. Captain? Base camp, come in, over. Hendricks' lighter. Looks like some kind of animal. I don't wanna know what it is, lieutenant. I just wanna get the fuck outta here. Reilly, calm down. This place is givin' me the fuckin' creeps. We've gotta find Hendricks. Right now, banta, I don't give a fuck about Hendricks. Get out of my way. Reilly. Hey, wait a second. - Hey, listen, hey. - Listen, I say we got through. - That's an order. - Corporal, let's turn back. You leave it alone, banta. Hendricks. Come on, let's turn back. Holy shit. Can you believe this? That's a typewriter. A radio. Take it easy, guys. A fucking cow. It's a dead Jersey steer, whoa, what? - Oh shit. - Oh look there's a body in here. Banta, banta, freeze, don't touch it. Oh my fucking Christ, he's been ripped to shreds. Goddammit, give me a hand in here. Forget it, lieutenant, he's fucking dead, let's go. - What the fuck was that? - Let's go, let's go, lieutenant. Come here, let's go. Banta, come on! Come on! I'd gone in there thinking it was some kind of defense project, but human beings couldn't have made that thing. Then I figured with Hendricks being dead that I finally had a right to the facts. The only problem was fetterman wasn't around to give 'em. The boat, where's the fuckin' boat? There's no fucking way off! Stating the obvious again. You know, I've had just about enough of you. You little Jew freak. I'm gonna give it to ya, goddamn! Oh, yeah, well fuck you. Shut the fuck up, both of you! Here's the plan. We're goin' back to camp, we're all gonna post guard, and I'm gonna find us a way off this fucking island. You saw that thing today, kirn. You saw what it did to Hendricks. You think bullets are gonna stop that thing? Private, you shut the fuck up now! Get goin', move it. They wanted the lowest of the low, and except for you, that's what they got. They figured that if certain things came to light, they might need to take measures to make sure that nothing leaked out. You're all considered expendable. Yes, sir. Does that include you? I guess it does now. Who knows? Maybe all along. What about this thing we found today? I only know the basics. I know that it crash landed in Arizona in 1955. The military brought it here for study. Somehow they managed to cover up the landing and the disaster that went on later. Which was? The life form inside the ufo went crazy. It started killing everyone on the island. The government couldn't do anything to stop it. They sent airplanes in. They covered up the ufo, the thing inside it, with concrete. Any survivors... Were left to die. That's what they intend to do with us. Maybe, but they didn't have any way to communicate. Now, you're sure guardino's not in on this? I don't know. Kirn, aren't you still on the island? I'm here, but fetterman isn't. He stranded us. He what? Stranded us. Sir, I need transportation off the island as fast as possible, do you copy? Can you do that for me? Yes, of course I can. But what exactly happened, what's going on? If I told you, you'd never believe it. All right, hold your position and stay on this line. We'll have you out of there as quickly as we can. Yes, Martha, my tickets to the music center this evening. Are those eight or 8:30? Are we being joined? Well, the general said something about, no dice? Oh well, not to worry. Okay, thank you, that's it. Hey. Hey, hey. Ow! Son of a. Just call me gracey. Come on, twinkle toes. That fuckin' guy, do you believe that? Fucking prick. Go get kirn. You gonna be all right? Get outta here. Come here. Come on, old man. It's the old guy. He's keepin' his distance. All these years he's been living here, he survived that thing. He survived those bombings. I'll bet ya he's got a safety zone somewhere, you know, some kind of shelter. Yeah. And maybe he's tryin' to lead us there. So, how does it feel to be a beast of fucking burden? I don't know, you tell me. They could've radioed ahead. Could've taken the Jeep up later, but no. Tight asses always gotta do it the hard way. That's kirn for ya. Go find banta, I'l stay with the old guy. Wow. Yeah, fancy place you got here. Great, uh-huh, need those pans. Bunny. Hey, that's a cute rabbit. It's your little pet? Friend, friend, friend. Yeah. Roommate? My friend, my friend. Looks just like ya. Banta! Banta! I got too much shit on me, Reilly. Hey, bozos, where are you? Guys! Wait up. Fuck. What the hell? What? Do I have to, come on, come on. Bantal banta! Bantal Who's there? Who's there? Who is it? Friedman! Christ, Friedman. Oh god, oh god, somebody help us! Reilly, come on, Reilly! We're right behind you, help me. I don't know what to do. - Shit. - 1 don't know what to do. I'm sorry. - It's okay. I'm sorry. I don't know what to do. Get him back to the bunker. I'm sorry, come on. Reilly, we gotta find banta. - Are you okay? - She's gotta be dead. I don't hear her screamin' no more. These must be old stag movies, huh? That's how you went so long without sex, I bet. I think it's pregnant. Might be films of that research they were doin'. Come on, Reilly, move your fat ass. In a second, in a second. I can't believe that fuckin' thing still works. It's a good thing it's German. Friedman, can you fix the fuckin' focus, please? I'm tryin', all right? You do that again and you are a dead old man. That's him. That's the old man. Sure as hell looks that way. It's a chameleon. We sat there for a long time, nobody saying anything. I kept thinking about what I'd seen that day. The way this thing just didn't kill Hendricks. It eviscerated him, which was exactly what we had done to its mate. Couldn't figure out which was worse, it or us. What are you doing? What does it look like? I'm gonna find banta, or at least her body. Anybody care to join me? Wish me luck. Semper fi. All right, watch your step. Once you get in those goddamn webs, you don't get out. Don't worry, lieutenant, I'm not goin' anywhere near those nasty things. They're everywhere. Lieutenant, I got it. That's an 86 on the phone. What's that? I'm outta here. Ah, no, no, no, listen. I think that's banta. I'm goin' up the tree for a better look, keep me covered. All right. Got me covered? Yeah, yeah. Can you see anything, lieutenant? Yeah, I can see. It's torturing here like, like she's some kind of fucking toy. Reilly, I'm not gonna leave her like this. We can't fucking get to her either. Shit. That fuckin' thing isn't here anymore. That's what I'd want. Get the fuck out of here. J oh the old gray mare j she ain't what j she used to be knock it off, old man. J ain't what she used to be knock it off, old man. J the old gray mare j she ain't what she I said knock it the fuck off! - Reilly! Reilly, put it down, put it down, put it down! I can't fuckin' take this stuff anymore. This fuckin' waitin' for somethin' to happen is drivin' me fuckin' crazy. I'm gonna fucking kill somebody. Reilly, you put that gun away. I swear to Christ, I'll shoot ya myself. If they don't get here soon, you can stick a fork in me, I'll be done. Yeah, well maybe I'm crazy, but I'm more concerned about what the hell we're gonna do when we get home than how we're gonna get there. Yeah, knowing what battle you walk into, you are definitely out there. Yeah, well what do you think? You think we're just gonna go back to our same little lives? Well I know fetterman, and I know what he's capable of. I know what he does to people who know too much, and that means us. I got the answer to that right here. A camera? We take this and the film and the papers the old man saved up, and we got right to the media. They're not gonna hurt anybody who's in the spotlight. Let me see that. You've been walkin' around all this time making a documentary, and I don't know anything about this? Yeah. Friedman, you're a genius. Well, I'm so happy we figured out next month, lieutenant. But we still got right now to worry about, and I'm gonna tell you somethin', they are not comin' for us. What's that? Hey, guys, we got two choppers outside! I've had a lovely time, but I'd like to go now. Watkins. Old man, not again, please, no more! Take cover! Fuckin' tryin' to kill us! Watkins, behind you, go! No, no, stay put, we're safe here. Fuck, I left the hatch open. I left the hatch open. I'll get it. No, Friedman. I'll get it. Watkins. Yeah? Take the camera. - Huh, what? - Take the camera. - Why? - Go on, take it. Friedman! - He's fucked. - Get the hell outta here. Come on, move it! - Reilly. Move it! Old man, move, come on! Reilly! Watkins! Come on! Hurry! Oh shit. Watkins, take this, take this! Go, go, go! Take my hand! Come on! Reilly! Come on. Careful. Hey! Hey, old timer, come on down. There ya go. Come on. Come on. When we first discovered this thing, I remember Reilly saying it was light sensitive, so maybe it was actually powered by solar energy, maybe that's why it landed back in '55 in a place where the sun was shining bright. It was trying to recharge itself, and then it made the mistake of thinking it could trust the people who'd stumbled on it, the same mistake I made with fetterman. Semper fi. Guard that with your life. Look, we've got lots of timber out here on the beach. Maybe we could build ourselves a raft. We can haul the engine out of the Jeep, hook up a propeller, what do you think, Reilly? With all due respect, lieutenant, you're grasping at straws. Straws are the only thing we've got. Yeah, well, building a raft takes time, and we got that thing roaming around, and we'd just be gettin' started before it found us. Jesus Christ, look at this, hey, hey, hey! That's c-4. Don't fuck with that shit. Blow us all up. Wait a second. The old guy just gave me a great idea. We did it! Son of a bitch, we did it! Let's just hope that fucking holds it. It worked for 40 years, didn't it? Come on, let's get going. The president has denied allegations of an affair. As for the sudden departure of the first lady, a white house spokesman says she's just taking a much needed vacation. What? A much needed vacation. That's about what I said when my wife first left me. You know, it took me months to admit she was even gone. You were married? She was a very good looking woman, your wife. Hubba hubba. I was almost engaged once. Right out of high school to my high school sweetheart. We both went into the service together. Didn't work out. He ran off with his platoon captain. Spokesman at camp Pendleton have still not released the names of the five marines killed yesterday in an explosives accident. The deaths came during a training session for bomb disposal. The identity of those marines and a Pentagon military advisor, also killed in the accident, will be released pending notification of relatives. Those sons of bitches. Goddamn those dirty sons of bitches. My parents are probably close to committing suicide right now. My parents are probably celebrating. I'm gonna find those films. They can dispute photographs, but they'll never explain away those films, and I'm gonna find them. I'll find 'em if it takes me all goddamn night. Hey, lieutenant, you're really startin' to stink, you know that? You caught a whiff of yourself lately, Reilly? Oh, you're right, how 'bout we take a break? Go down to the beach and take a little swim, huh? We're gonna be at the beach just as soon as we finish. I wanna float this thing right down the stream. Come on, lieutenant, what do ya think, Watkins? You wanna go down and take a dip in the ocean? With you? Yeah. Dressed in what? I don't know, don't ya have a thong on under there? Yeah, you wish. Come on, lieutenant, what do ya say? Go ahead, be back in 15 minutes. Yes, yes. Wanna come? Nah, I got a lot of work to do. Come on. You're gettin' to be the only one I can count on. Watkins! Come on! Watkins, let me see you! You probably remember lieutenant Johnson. As a matter of fact, you probably know the rest of the team too. Wolf. Wolf, come in goddammit. Sorry, sir, what is it, sir? Two down, three others still at large. Proceed with your crew. Roger, heading out, sir. Where are the others? They're dead. Lying to me, aren't ya? No, no, they were all killed in the air raid. Where are the bodies? I'll show you. All right. Where you goin'? - Okay, just hold on. - I can't get out. No, hold on, give me your arm. I can't move my fuckin' hands. We're gonna get you outta here, give me your hand. It's stuck! - Come on, give me your hand. - We're all stuck in shit, you asshole. Get me outta here, kiss my ass. Go on, move! There, in that cave. It was sealed up in the air raid. Everyone died inside. Johnson, get me some c-4. Yes, sir. How come you didn't get 'em outta there? You had the explosives with you. No, sir, they had the explosives with them, sir. Captain fetterman. Captain fetterman. Go for fetterman. Uh, we've got a situation here, sir. Smith is, well, he's stuck, sir, in some kind of web. What do you mean he's stuck? Well, I don't know, sir. It's like it's just all sticky and I don't know what the hell's goin' on. Do you have any idea what he's talking about? No, sir. Where are ya? Well, sir, I'm not sure. We crossed a stream. We're probably about three quarters of a mile from the pier, and I don't know. Well, that's real specific, Nichols. Hold tight, we'll be there asap. Yes, sir. Johnson. Yes, sir. I want you to blow a hole in that cave entrance. - Yes, sir. - Move it! I don't think I can do this. Sure ya can. Get in there. It appears someone's been in here, sir. I knew you were lying to me, Watkins. Last chance, where are they? They don't seem to be around here anymore. Get it off! What? What's the matter? What, the cave? Ow, shit, you fucking cut me, man. Well, hold still then. What the fuck is this shit? Where the fuck is fetterman? Kirn, where are you? Kirn! Where are you? Where are you? Kirn! Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh. Fetterman's here. They're gonna kill us. I know, I know, his men are in the webs. Shh, shh. Shh. Listen to me, they killed Reilly. They killed, they wanted me to take them to you, so I led them to the cave. Don't move! Freeze, hold still. - Right there, do not move. - Turn around. - Turn around. - Do not move, put your hands behind you. - Get your hands behind you! - Hands behind your back. Go. Wolf, what was that you were sayin' before that, what did you say, something that Smith ran into a web? Yeah, I don't know what it was. It was some kind of sticky web or somethin'. Yes, yes, I see it now. They're all over the place. Tell me about it, it's fuckin' everywhere. Wolf, I want you to come and get me. Do you read, over? I'll try, sir. God, what the fuck is goin' on here? What the fuck is goin' on here? It's okay, it's okay. Come on. It's all right, okay. Just give me a second. The cam is, the cam. Okay, okay. Is it okay, is it okay? It's okay, the camera's fine, Watkins. I said the camera's fine. Watkins? Watkins. Watkins, they're all gonna find out. Everybody's gonna know. Even if I gotta jam this right into their skulls, Watkins. That's far enough, kirn. Now, come on down. They're all dead. I found every single fucking one of 'em dead. Just like you wanted. I'm not talking about those worthless fucks with you! I'm talkin' about my men! What happened? What you spent 40 years tryin' to cover up. No, I'm not gonna be accountable for that. That's why I'm takin' you back with me to explain. Why don't you just shoot me now, fetterman? Go ahead, wipe your slate clean. I'd love to, kirn, but you're my excuse, man, with your life. Nice and easy, that's it. Now, after you. Go on! Kirn! Kirn, kill it, shoot it! Kirn, shoot it, kirn! Shoot it, shoot it, shoot it! Kill it, kirn, shoot it, kirn. Semper fi. I wonder, you know, I wonder what it was thinking. I know what I'd like to believe, that there might be hope yet for the human race. He vanished almost the second we hit the dock. One moment he was there, and the next he's gone. Unfortunately, I didn't take any pictures of him, but I can give you a description. If you could find him, he'd be the perfect corroboration. Well, a corroboration would be very helpful, but I'm sure you realize this is gonna be one tough sell. But you gotta get a helicopter out to that island. I mean, the film, the film will be there, the webs, those bodies, it'll all still be there. If the government hasn't already cleaned it up. Yeah. Stern! Stern, you will print the story? If you can convince my editor the way that you've convinced me, sure, absolutely. Well, coming up we have Johnny sendum with the weather, and Teddy lyons backstage with last night's grammy winners. But first, more on the saga of marine lieutenant Martin kirn. Kirn, you'll recall, was reported dead in a freak accident at camp pendelton only to surface later with a bizarre story involving an unidentified flying object and a coverup plot by the federal government. Well, a court appointed psychiatrist has found that kirn is suffering from paranoid delusions. Moreover, the military has come forward with several witnesses who testified that kirn deliberately set the explosion at camp pendelton. That explosion, you'll recall, killed five marines and a visiting representative from the Pentagon. In addition, photographs of the alleged ufo have been proven fraudulent by several specialists. They're lying. They're lying, they're lying. They're lying! They're lying! They're lying, they're lying. They're lying! They're lying!